into Chinese and then translated back to English by the translation model. The Chinese test corpus was the one used in the TREC5 and TREC6 Chinese track. It contains both Chinese queries and their English translations. Our experiments on these two corpora produced the results shown in Tab. 1. The precision of monolingual IR is given as benchmark. In both E-C and C-E CLIR, the translation model achieved around 40% of monolingual precision. To compare with the dictionary-based approach, we employed a ChineseEnglish dictionary, CEDICT (Denisowski, 1999), and an English-Chinese online dictionary (Anonymous, 1999a) to translate queries. For each word of the source query, all the possible translations given by the dictionary are included in the translated query. The Chinese-English dictionary has about the same performace as the translation model, while the English-Chinese dictionary has lower precision than that of the translation model. We also tried to combine the translations given by the translation model and the dictionary. In both C-E and E-C CUR, significant improvements were achieved (as shown in Tab. 1). The improvements show that the translations given by the translation model and the dictio
as soon as the student gives an unexpected response to a tutor question, the tutor needs to be able to This research was supported by NSF grant number 9720359 to CIRCLE, the Center for Interdisciplinary Research on Constructive Learning Environments at the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie-Mellon University. plan in order to achieve its goals as well as respond appropriately to the student's statement. Yet classical planning is inappropriate for dialogue generation precisely because it assumes an unchanging world. A more appropriate approach is the &quot;practical reason&quot; approach pioneered by Bratman (1987, 1990). According to Bratman, human beings maintain plans and prefer to follow them, but they are also capable of changing the plans on the fly when needed. Bratman's approach has been introduced into computer science under the name of reactive planning (Georgeff and Ingrand 1989, Wilkins et al. 1995). In this paper we discuss the rationale for the use of reactive planning as well as the use of the hierarchical task network (HTN) style of plan operators. Then we describe APE (the Atlas Planning Engine), a dialogue planner we have implemented to embody the above concepts. We demonstrate the us
fl:+] Figure 7: Lexico-Structural Transfer of English Lexeme MOVE to French More general lexico-structural rules for transfer can also be implemented using our grammar rule formalism. Figure 8 gives an English-French transfer rule applied to a weather domain for the transfer of a verb modified by the adverb ALMOST: It almost rained. Il a failli pleuvoir. TRANSFER-RULE: $X [ class :verb ] ( ATTR ALMOST ) FAILLIR [ class:verb ] ( II $X [ mood:inf ] ) Figure 8: English to French Lexico-Structural Transfer Rule with Verb Modifier ALMOST More details on how the structural divergences described in (Don, 1994) can be accounted for using our formalism can be found in (Nasr et al., 1998). 5 The Rule Processing Before being processed, the rules are first compiled and indexed for optimisation. Each module applies the following processing. The rules are assumed to be ordered from most specific to least specific. The application of the rules to the structures is top-down in a recursive way from the first rule to the last. For the main grammar, before applying a grammar rule to a given node, dictionary lookup is carried out in order to first apply the lexeme- or conceptspecific rules associated with this
arst's system and correctly identified 98.8% of sentence boundaries. Mikheev (1998) optimised this approach and evaluated it on the same test corpus. An accuracy of 99.2477% was reported, to our knowledge this is the highest quoted result for this test set. These three systems achieve very high results for the punctuation disambiguation task. It would seem, then, that this problem has largely been solved. However, it is not clear that these techniques will be as successful for ASR text. We now go on to describe a system which attempts a task similar to sentence boundary detection of ASR text. Beeferman et al. (1998) produced a system, &quot;CYBERPUNC&quot;, which added intra-sentence punctuation (i.e. commas) to the output of an ASR system. They mention that the comma is the most frequently used punctuation symbol and its correct insertion can make a text far more legible. CYBERPUNC operated by augmenting a standard trigram speech recognition model with information about commas; it accesses only lexical information. CYBERPUNC was tested by separating the trigram model from the ASR system and applying it to 2,317 sentences from the Wall Street Journal. The system achieved a precision of 75.6% and recall of 65.6% co
mains. Most existing systems employ dialogue strategies pre-specified during the design phase of the dialogue manager without taking into account characteristics of actual dialogue interactions. More specifically, mixed initiative systems typically employ rules that specify conditions (generally based on local dialogue context) under which initiative may shift from one agent to the other. Previous research, on the other hand, has shown that changes in initiative strategies in human-human dialogues can be dynamically modeled in terms of characteristics of the user and of the on-going dialogue (Chu-Carroll and Brown, 1998) and that adaptability of initiative strategies in dialogue systems leads to better system performance (Litman and Pan, 1999). However, no previous dialogue system takes into account these dialogue characteristics or allows for initiative-oriented adaptation of dialogue strategies. In this paper, we describe MIMIC, a voice-enabled telephone-based dialogue system that provides movie showtime information, emphasizing its dialogue management aspects. MIMIC improves upon previous systems along two dimensions. First, MIMIC automatically adapts dialogue strategies based on participant roles, charact
, reflection can find its methods and fields. JAVOX uses reflection to (1) map from the JSL-textual representation of an object to the actual instance in the running program; (2) find the appropriate j ava . lang.reflect.Methods for an object/method-name combination; and (3) actually invoke the method, once all of its arguments are known. Reflection is very helpful in examining the application program's structure; however, prior to using reflection, EXECUTER needs access to the objects in the running program. To obtain pointers to the objects, JAVOX uses JOIE, a load-time transformation tool (Cohen et al., 1998). JOIE allows us to modify each application class as it is loaded into the virtual machine. The JAVOX transform adds code to every constructor in the application that registers the new object with Executer. Conceptually, the following line is added to every constructor: Executer.register(this). This modification is done as the class is loaded, the compiled copy — on disk — is not changed. This allows the program to still be run without JAVOX, as a non-speech application. EXECUTER can — once it has the registered objects — use reflection to obtain everything else it needs to perform the actions
ograd, 1973) was intended to address just this type of problem. More recent work on spoken language interfaces to semi-autonomous robots include SRI's Flakey robot (Konolige et al., 1993) and NCARAI's InterBOT project (Perzanowski et al., 1998; Perzanowski et al., 1999). A number of other systems have addressed part of the task. CornmandTalk (Moore et al., 1997), Circuit Fix-It Shop (Smith, 1997) and TRAINS-96 (Traum and Allen, 1994; Traum and Andersen, 1999) are spoken language systems but they interface to simulation or help facilities rather than semi-autonomous agents. Jack's MOOse Lodge (Badler et al., 1999) takes text rather than speech as natural language input and the avatars being controlled are not semi-autonomous. Other researchers have considered particular aspects of the problem such as accounting for various aspects of actions (Webber, 1995; Pym et al., 1995). In most of this and other related work the treatment is some variant of the following. If there is a speech interface, the input speech signal is converted into text. Text either from the recognizer or directly input by the user is then converted into some kind of logical formula, which abstractly represents the user's intended com
ve only one of several possible parts of speech, hence the need to disambiguate them. We do this with a first-order HMM part-ofspeech tagger (Merialdo [13]). I In the rest of the paper, we will use deceptive cognate very losely often to refer to normative usage of word in general. 129 4. Translation models. Being robust, the alignment program will align a pair of texts regardless of possible omissions in the target text. To detect such omissions of text, a probabilistic bilingual dictionary is called upon. This dictionary was estimated along the line of Brown and al.'s first translation model [2]. It is used to align (coarsely) at the word level. In what follows, we assume the reader to be at least remotely familiar with most of these mechanisms. We will however go into more technical details concerning the transducers considering the central role they play in TransCheck. 2.2 Identifying omissions Grammatical correctors greatly relies on complex grammars to identify &quot;typical&quot; mistakes. We could imagine doing something similar for omission detection trying to construct the meaning of every sentences in a text and then &quot;flag&quot; those where semantic discontinuity were found, not unlike wha
 once are mapped to a special &quot;unknown&quot; word es however, these associations have a lower probability than the good ones. We also found few erratic associations (the first time/ c'etait, some hon. members/!, etc) due to distributional artifacts. It is also interesting to note that the good associations we found are not necessary compositional in nature (we must/il faut, people of canada/les canadiens, of course/evidemment, etc). 3.3 Filtering One way to increase the precision of the mapping process is to impose some linguistic constraints on the sequences such as simple noun-phrase contraints (Gaussier, 1995; Kupiec, 1993; hua Chen and Chen, 94; Fung, 1995; Evans and Zhai, 1996). It is also possible to focus on non-compositional compounds, a key point in bilingual applications (Su et al., 1994; Melamed, 1997; Lin, 99). Another interesting approach is to restrict sequences to those that do not cross constituent boundary patterns (Wu, 1995; Furuse and Iida, 96). In this study, we filtered for potential sequences that are likely to be noun phrases, using simple regular expressions over the associated part-of-speech tags. An excerpt of the association probabilities of a unit model trained considering
stics for coreference. Our experiments show that SWIZZLE outperformed COCKTAIL on both English and Romanian test documents. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 presents COCKTAIL, a monolingual coreference resolution system used separately on both the English and Romanian texts. Section 3 details the data-driven approach used in SWIZZLE and presents some of its resources. Section 4 reports and discusses the experimental results. Section 5 summarizes the 'The name of COCKTAIL is a pun on CogNIAC because COCKTAIL combines a larger number of heuristics than those reported in (Baldwin, 1997). SWIZZLE, moreover, adds new heuristics, discovered from the bilingual aligned corpus. 142 conclusions. 2 COCKTAIL Currently, some of the best-performing and most robust coreference resolution systems employ knowledge-based techniques. Traditionally, these techniques have combined extensive syntactic, semantic, and discourse knowledge. The acquisition of such knowledge is time-consuming, difficult, and error-prone. Nevertheless, recent results show that knowledge-poor methods perform with amazing accuracy (cf. (Mitkov, 1998), (Kennedy and Boguraev, 1996) (Kameyama, 1997)). For example, CogNIA
oorhees, 1994) but is expected to achieve much better performance since potentially matching phrases in text are classified in a similar and synergistic way. Our system participated in the official TREC Q&A evaluation. For 200 questions in the evaluation set, we were asked to provide a list of 50-byte and 250-byte extracts from a 2-GB corpus. The results are shown in Section 7. Some techniques used by other participants in the TREC evaluation are paragraph indexing, followed by abductive inference (Harabagiu and Maiorano, 1999) and knowledge-representation combined with information retrieval (Breck et al., 1999). Some earlier systems related to our work are FaqFinder (Kulyukin et al., 1998), MURAX (Kupiec, 1993), which uses an encyclopedia as a knowledge base from which to extract answers, and PROFILE (Radev and McKeown, 1997) which identifies named entities and noun phrases that describe them in text. 2 System description Our system (Figure 1) consists of two pieces: an IR component (GuruQA) that which returns matching texts, and an answer selection compo150 nent (AnSel/Werlect) that extracts and ranks potential answers from these texts. This paper focuses on the process of ranking potential answers
ur domain: Lazy Learning: Lazy Learners are also known as memory-based, instance-based, exemplarbased, case-based, experience-based, or nearest neighbor neighbor algorithms. They store all documents as vectors during the learning phase. In the categorization phase, the new document vector is compared to the stored ones and is categorized to same class as the k-nearest neighbors. The distance is measured by computing e.g. the Euclidean distance between the vectors. By changing the number of neighbors k or the kind of distance measure, the amount of generalization can be controlled. We used IB (Aha, 1992), which is part of the MLC++ library (Kohavi and Sommerfield, 1996). Symbolic Eager Learning: This type of learners constructs a representation for document vectors belonging to a certain class during the learning phase, e.g. decision trees, decision rules or probability weightings. During the categorization phase, the representation is used to assign the appropriate class to a new document vector. Several pruning or specialization heuristics can be used to control the amount of generalization. We used ID3 (Quinlan, 1986), C4.5 (Quinlan, 1992) and C5.0, RIPPER (Cohen, 1995), and the Naive Baye
sspellings, neologisms, and names. Capitalization is his sole means of identifying names. However, capitalization information is not available in closed captions. Hence, his system would be ineffective on the closed caption domain with which we are working. (Granger, 1983) uses expectations generated by scripts to analyze unknown words. The drawback of his system is that it lacks portability since it incorporates scripts that make use of world knowledge of the situation being described; in this case, naval ship-to-shore messages. Research that is similar in technique to that reported here is (Baluja et al., 1999). Baluja and his colleagues use a decision tree classifier to identify proper names in text. They incorporate three types of features: word level (essentially utilizes case information), dictionary-level (comparable to our ispell feature), and POS information (comparable to our POS tagging). Their highest F-score for name identification is 95.2, slightly higher than our name identifier. However, it is difficult to compare the two sets of results since our tasks are slightly different. The goal of Baluja's research, and all other proper name identification research, is to identify all those wor
 these systems (91 correct); without it, our score of 65 correct places our QA system near the middle of this group of eight. Like the work described here, virtually all of the top-ranked TREC8 systems use a combination of IR, and shallow NLP for their QA systems. IBM's AnSel system (Prager et al., 2000), for example, employs finite-state patterns as its primary shallow NLP component. These are used to recognize a fairly broad set of about 20 named entities. The IR component indexes only text passages associated with these entities. The AT&T QA system (Singhal et al., 2000), the Qanda system (Breck et al., 2000), and the SyncMatcher system (Oard et al., 2000) all employ vector-space methods from IR, named entity identifiers, and a fairly simple question type determiner. In addition, SyncMatcher uses a broad-coverage dependency parser to enforce phrase relationship constraints. Instead of the vector space model, the LASSO system (Moldovan et al., 2000) uses boolean search operators for paragraph retrieval. Recognition of answer hypotheses in their system relies on identifying named entities. Finally, the Cymphony QA system (Srihari and Li, 2000) relies heavily on named entity identification; it also e
ons concerning tagging with Markov models. As two examples, (Rabiner, 1989) and (Charniak et al., 1993) give good overviews of the techniques and equations used for Markov models and part-ofspeech tagging, but they are not very explicit in the details that are needed for their application. We argue that it is not only the choice of the general model that determines the result of the tagger but also the various &quot;small&quot; decisions on alternatives. The aim of this paper is to give a detailed account of the techniques used in TnT. Additionally, we present results of the tagger on the NEGRA corpus (Brants et al., 1999) and the Penn Treebank (Marcus et al., 1993). The Penn Treebank results reported here for the Markov model approach are at least equivalent to those reported for the Maximum Entropy approach in (Ratnaparkhi, 1996). For a comparison to other taggers, the reader is referred to (Zavrel and Daelemans, 1999). 2 Architecture 2.1 The Underlying Model TnT uses second order Markov models for part-ofspeech tagging. The states of the model represent tags, outputs represent the words. Transition probabilities depend on the states, thus pairs of tags. Output probabilities only depend on the most recent cat
thods are typically used for segmenting written text in a collection to improve information retrieval (Hearst, 1994; Reynar, 1998). Multi-source methods combine lexical cohesion with other indicators of topic shift such as cue phrases, prosodic features, reference, syntax and lexical attraction (Beeferman et al., 1997a) using decision trees (Miike et al., 1994; Kurohashi and Nagao, 1994; Litman and Passonneau, 1995) and probabilistic models (Beeferman et al., 1997b; Hajime et al., 1998; Reynar, 1998). Work in this area is largely motivated by the topic detection and tracking (TDT) initiative (Allan et al., 1998). The focus is on the segmentation of transcribed spoken text and broadcast news stories where the presentation format and regular cues can be exploited to improve accuracy. 3 Algorithm Our segmentation algorithm takes a list of tokenized sentences as input. A tokenizer (Grefenstette and Tapanainen, 1994) and a sentence boundary disambiguation algorithm (Palmer and Hearst, 1994; Reynar and Ratnaparkhi, 1997) or EAGLE (Reynar et al., 1997) may be used to convert a plain text document into the acceptable input format. 3.1 Similarity measure Punctuation and uninformative words are removed from ea
 termed 'local ambiguity packing' (Tomita, 1985), and the structure built up by the parser, a 'parse forest' (Billot & Lang, 1989). Context free (CF) grammars represent linguistic objects in terms of atomic category symbols. The test for duplicate parse items—and thus being able to pack the subanalyses associated with them—is equality of category symbols. In the final parse forest every different combination of packed nodes induces a distinct, valid parse tree. Most existing unification-based parsing systems either implicitly or explicitly contain a context-free core. For example, in the CLE (Alshawi, 1992) the (manually-assigned) functors of the Prolog terms forming the categories constitute a CF 'backbone'. In the Alvey Tools system (Carroll, 1993) each distinct set of features is automatically given a unique identifier and this is associated with every category containing those features. The packing technique has been shown to work well in practice in these and similar unification-augmented CF systems: the parser first tests for CF category equality, and then either (a) checks that the existing feature structure subsumes the newly derived one (Moore & Alshawi, 1992), or (b) forms an efficient
 the baseline, and one trained with automatic features from the first two exchanges can perform 14% better than the baseline. 1 Introduction Spoken dialogue systems promise efficient and natural access to a large variety of information sources and services from any phone. Systems that support short utterances to select a particular function (through a statement such as &quot;Say credit card, collect or person-to-person&quot;) are saving companies millions of dollars. Research prototypes exist for applications such as personal email and calendars, travel and restaurant information, and personal banking (Baggia et al., 1998; Walker et al., 1998; Seneff et al., 1995; Sanderman et al., 1998; Chu-Carroll and Carpenter, 1999) inter a/ia. Yet there are still many research challenges: current systems are limited in the interaction they support and brittle in many respects. We show how spoken dialogue systems can learn to support more natural interaction on the basis of their previous experience. One way that current spoken dialogue systems are quite limited is in their strategies for detecting and repairing problems that arise in conversation. If a problem can be detected, the system can either transfer the call to a
es the following two conditions: 1. A takes as input a nondeterministic FA M = (Q, E, go, F) and produces as output a device Dm that, when given a string w as input, decides whether w E L(M); and 2More precisely, the running time for these algorithms is 0(1 VD13 iwl3 min-0 VT!, lw ID. In cases of practical interest, we always have iwi < 2. there exists a polynomial PA such that every DM runs in an amount of time bounded by PA Owl ). We remark that, given a nondeterministic FA M specified as above, known algorithms allow simulation of M on an input string w in time 0(IMIlwl) (see for instance (Aho et al., 1974, Thm. 9.5) or (Sippu and Soisalon-Soininen, 1988, Thm. 3.38)). In contrast, a quasi-determinizer produces a device that simulates M in an amount of time independent of the size of M itself. A standard example of a quasi-determinizer is the so called power-set construction, used to convert a nondeterministic FA into a language-equivalent deterministic FA (see for instance (Hoperoft and Ullman, 1979, Thm. 2.1) or (Sippu and SoisalonSoininen, 1988, Thm. 3.30)). In fact, there exist constants c and c' such that any deterministic FA can be simulated on input string w in an amount of time bounded b
ntify the various elements a report consists of, such as headings – written in bold on a separate line – introducing sections, subheadings – written in bold followed by a colon – introducing subsections, and enumerations starting with indented numbers followed by a period. Going down further, there are paragraphs divided into sentences. Using these structuring elements, a hierarchic data structure comprising all report elements can be induced. Sections and subsections are typed according to their heading. There exist clear recommendations on structuring medical reports, such as E2184-02 (ASTM International, 2002). However, actual medical reports still vary greatly with regard to their structure. Using the aforementioned standard, we assigned the (sub)headings that actually appeared in the data to the closest type, introducing new types only when absolutely necessary. Finally we arrived at a structure model with three label chains: • Sentence level, with 4 labels: Heading, Subheading, Sentence,Enummarker • Subsection level, with 45 labels: Paragraph, Enumelement, None and 42 subsection types (e.g. VitalSigns, Cardiovascular ...) • Section level, with 23 section types (e.g. ReasonForEncounter, Findings,
sed on Functions We report on the AUCONTRAIRE CD system, which addresses each of the above challenges. First, AUCONTRAIRE identifies “functional phrases” statistically (Section 3). Second, AUCONTRAIRE uses these phrases to automatically create a large corpus of apparent contradictions (Section 4.2). Finally, AUCONTRAIRE sifts through this corpus to find genuine contradictions using knowledge about synonymy, meronymy, argument types, and ambiguity (Section 4.3). Instead of analyzing sentences directly, AUCONTRAIRE relies on the TEXTRUNNER Open Information Extraction system (Banko et al., 2007; Banko and Etzioni, 2008) to map each sentence to one or more tuples that represent the entities in the sentences and the relationships between them (e.g., was born in(Mozart,Salzburg)). Using extracted tuples greatly simplifies the CD task, because numerous syntactic problems (e.g., anaphora, relative clauses) and semantic challenges (e.g., quantification, counterfactuals, temporal qualification) are 1Although we focus on function-based CD in our case study, we believe that our observations apply to other types of CD as well. delegated to TEXTRUNNER or simply ignored. Nevertheless, extracted tuples are a convenient a
se it to help train a machine classifier. How to do this, however, is still being explored. 1.1 Hand-crafted rules An obvious option is to have the annotators directly express their knowledge by hand-crafting rules. This 'This work was supported by National Science Foundation grant No. 0347822 and the JHU WSE/APL Partnership Fund. Special thanks to Christine Piatko for many useful discussions. 31 approach remains “data-driven” if the annotators repeatedly refine their system against a corpus of labeled or unlabeled examples. This achieves high performance in some domains, such as NP chunking (Brill and Ngai, 1999), but requires more analytical skill from the annotators. One empirical study (Ngai and Yarowsky, 2000) found that it also required more annotation time than active learning. 1.2 Feature selection by humans More recent work has focused on statistical classifiers. Training such classifiers faces the “credit assignment problem.” Given a training example x with many features, which features are responsible for its annotated class y? It may take many training examples to distinguish useful vs. irrelevant features.1 To reduce the number of training examples needed, one can ask annotators to examine
sentences. A major difference between the two approaches, however, is that in CE the definition of the sentence's neighborhood must be specified in advance by the modeler. In our work, the 'neighborhood' is determined automatically and dynamically as learning proceeds, according to the capabilities of the classifiers used. The sentence representation we chose for this work is rather simple, and was intended primarily to demonstrate the efficacy of our approach. In future work we plan to experiment with richer representations, e.g. including long-range n-grams (Rosenfeld, 1996), class n-grams (Brown et al., 1992), grammatical features (Amaya and Benedy, 2001), etc'. The main computational bottleneck in our approach is the generation of negative samples from the current model. Rejection sampling allowed us to use computationally intensive classifiers as our features by reducing the number of classifications that had to be performed during the sampling process. However, if the boosted model strays too far from the baseline P0, these savings will be negated by the very large sentence rejection probabilities that will ensue. This is likely to be the case when richer representations as suggested above are
se a classifier to predict the most likely word to fill a position in a sentence (in their experiments: a verb) from a set of candidates (sets of verbs), by inspecting the context of the target token (e.g., the presence or absence of a particular nearby word in the sentence). This approach can therefore learn which specific arguments occur with a particular predicate. In comparison, our features are second-order: we learn what kinds of arguments occur with a predicate by encoding features of the arguments. Recent distributed and latentvariable models also represent words with feature vectors (Bengio et al., 2003; Blitzer et al., 2005). Many of these approaches learn both the feature weights and the feature representation. Vectors must be kept low-dimensional for tractability, while learning and inference on larger scales is impractical. By partitioning our examples by predicate, we can efficiently use high-dimensional, sparse vectors. Our technique of generating negative examples is similar to the approach of Okanohara and Tsujii (2007). They learn a classifier to disambiguate actual sentences from pseudo-negative examples sampled from an N-gram language model. Smith and Eisner (2005) also automatica
orating the Markov network. HOLMES makes some important simplifying assumptions. Specifically, we use simple ground tuples to represent extracted assertions (e.g., contains(kale, calcium)). Syntactic problems (e.g., anaphora, relative clauses) and semantic challenges (e.g., quantification, counterfactuals, temporal qualification) are delegated to the extraction system or simply ignored. This paper focuses on scalability for this subset of the TI task. 1.2 Summary of Experimental Results We tested HOLMES on 183 million distinct ground assertions extracted from the Web by the TEXTRUNNER system (Banko et al., 2007), coupled with 159 thousand ground assertions from WordNet (Miller et al., 1990), and a compact set of handcoded inference rules. Given a total of 55 to 145 seconds, HOLMES was able to produce high-quality inferences that doubled the number of answers to example queries in three disparate domains: geography, business, and nutrition. We also evaluated how the speed of HOLMES scaled with the size of its input corpus. In the general case, logical inference over a Horn theory (needed in order to produce the probabilistic network) is polynomial in the number of ground assertions, and hence in the s
 the decoder hardly distinguish the two rules. Intuitively, information of sub-trees covered by nonterminals as well as contextual information of rules are believed NP NN NP NN NN NN DEG DEG X 1 X 2 X 1 X 2 X 1 X 2 levels X 2 standard of X 1 Proceedings of the 2008 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, pages 89–97, Honolulu, October 2008. c�2008 Association for Computational Linguistics NP NP Figure 2: Training examples for rules in Figure 1 to be helpful for rule selection. Recent research showed that contextual information can help perform word or phrase selection. Carpuat and Wu (2007b) and Chan et al. (2007) showed improvents by integrating wordsense-disambiguation (WSD) system into a phrasebased (Koehn, 2004) and a hierarchical phrasebased (Chiang, 2005) SMT system, respectively. Similar to WSD, Carpuat and Wu (2007a) used contextual information to solve the ambiguity problem for phrases. They integrated a phrase-sensedisambiguation (PSD) model into a phrase-based SMT system and achieved improvements. In this paper, we propose a novel solution for rule selection for syntax-based SMT. We use the maximum entropy approach to combine rich contextual information around a rule
e each Fm, depends implicitly on W and 0.) As usual for log-linear models, Vθ log Z = � Ep(A)[VθFm(A)1 (10) m Since VθFm(A) only depends on the assignment A’s values for variables that are connected to Fm in the factor graph, its expectation under p(A) depends only on the marginalization of p(A) to those variables jointly. Fortunately, BP provides an estimate of that marginal distribution, namely, its belief about the factor Fm, given W and 0 (§4.2).25 Note that the hard constraints do not depend on 0 at all; so their summands in equation (10) will be 0. We employ stochastic gradient descent (Bottou, 2003), since this does not require us to compute the objective function itself but only to (approximately) estimate its gradient as explained above. Alternatively, given any of the MAP decoding procedures from §6, we could use an error-driven learning method such as the perceptron or MIRA.26 8 Experiments We asked: (1) For projective parsing, where higherorder factors have traditionally been incorporated into slow but exact dynamic programming (DP), what are the comparative speed and quality of the BP approximation? (2) How helpful are such higherorder factors—particularly for non-projective parsin
e right. These extracted rules are called minimal rules, which can be glued together to form composed rules with larger tree fragments (e.g. r1 in Fig. 1) (Galley et al., 2006). Our experiments use composed rules. 3 Forest-based Rule Extraction We now extend tree-based extraction algorithm from the previous section to work with a packed forest representing exponentially many parse trees. 3.1 Packed Forest Informally, a packed parse forest, or forest in short, is a compact representation of all the derivations (i.e., parse trees) for a given sentence under a context-free grammar (Earley, 1970; Billot and Lang, 1989). For example, consider again the Chinese sentence in Example (1) above, which has (at least) two readings depending on the part-ofspeech of the word yˇu: it can be either a conjunction (CC “and”) as shown in Figure 3, or a preposition (P “with”) as shown in Figure 5, with only PP and VPB swapped from the English word order. 3Admissible set (Wang et al., 2007) is also known as “frontier set” (Galley et al., 2004). For simplicity of presentation, we assume every target word is aligned to at least one source word; see Galley et al. (2006) for handling unaligned target words. IP0,6 NPB0,1 VP1,6 B
 of SRL task is to identify and classify the semantic roles of each predicate in a sentence. The semantic roles are marked and each of them is assigned a tag which indicates the type of the semantic relation with the related predicate. Typical tags include Agent, Patient, Source, etc. and some adjuncts such as Temporal, Manner, Extent, etc. Since the arguments can provide useful semantic information, the SRL is crucial to many natural language processing tasks, such as Question and Answering (Narayanan and Harabagiu 2004), Information Extraction (Surdeanu et al. 2003), and Machine Translation(Boas 2002). With the efforts of many researchers (Carreras and Màrquez 2004, 2005, Moschitti 2004, Pradhan et al 2005, Zhang et al 2007), different machine learning methods and linguistics resources are applied in this task, which has made SRL task progress fast. Compared to the research on English, the research on Chinese SRL is still in its infancy stage. Previous work on Chinese SRL mainly focused on how to transplant the machine learning methods which has been successful with English, such as Sun and Jurafsky (2004), Xue and Palmer (2005) and Xue (2008). Sun and Jurafsky (2004) did the preliminary w
e., equal to one if its argument is true and zero otherwise), The calculus of variations is used to minimize the KL divergence between the desired posterior distribution and the factorized approximation. It turns out that if the likelihood and conjugate prior belong to exponential families then the optimal Q1 and Q2 do too, and there is an EM-like iterative procedure that finds locally-optimal model parameters (Bishop, 2006). This procedure is especially attractive for HMM inference, since it involves only a minor modification to the M-step of the Forward-Backward algorithm. MacKay (1997) and Beal (2003) describe Variational Bayesian (VB) inference for HMMs. In general, the E-step for VB inference for HMMs is the same as in EM, while the M-step is as follows: �θ(`+1) t�|t = f(E[nt',t] + α)/f(E[nt] + mα) (4) �φ(`+1) w|t = f(E[n0w,t] + α0)/f(E[nt] + m0α0) f(v) = exp(IF(v)) where m0 and m are the number of word types and states respectively, IF is the digamma function and the remaining quantities are as in (2). This means that a single iteration can be performed in O(nm2) time, just as for the EM algorithm. 2.3 MCMC sampling algorithms The goal of Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithms is to
ncies on the syntactic level by conditioning on the predecessing words and their corresponding parent nodes (Chelba and Jelinek, 2000; Roark, 2001). The latter approach was shown to reduce perplexities and improve the WER in speech recognition systems. One drawback is that the parsing process might slow down the system significantly and the approach is complicated to be integrated directly in the search process. Thus, the effect is often shown offline in reranking experiments using n-best lists. One of the simplest models that can be seen in the context of lexical triggers is the IBM model 1 (Brown et al., 1993) which captures lexical dependencies between source and target words. It can be seen as a lexicon containing correspondents of translations of source and target words in a very broad sense since the pairs are trained on the full sentence level. The model presented in this work is very close to the initial IBM model 1 and can be seen as taking another word into the conditioning part, i.e. the triggering items.1 Furthermore, since the second trigger can come from any part of the sentence, we also have a link to long-range monolingual triggers as presented above. A long-range trigram model is pre
alized to have values in the range of [0, 1] to remove any bias due to different sentence lengths. Lodhi et al. (2002) give a dynamic programming algorithm to compute string subsequence kernels in O(nst) time where s and t are the lengths of the two input strings and n is the maximum length of common subsequences one wants to consider. Rousu and Shawe-Taylor (2005) present an improved algorithm which works faster when the vocabulary size is large. Subsequence kernels have been used with success in NLP for text classification (Lodhi et al., 2002; Cancedda et al., 2003), information extraction (Bunescu and Mooney, 2005b) and semantic parsing (Kate and Mooney, 2006). There are, however, some shortcomings of this word subsequence kernel as a measure of similarity between two sentences. Firstly, since it considers all possible common subsequences, it is not sensitive to whether the subsequence is linguistically meaningful or not. For example, the meaningless subsequences “cat was by” and “a was a” will also be considered common between the two sentences by this kernel. Since these subsequences will be used as implicit features by the kernel-based machine learning algorithm, their presence can only hurt the per
nd Wong (Marcu and Wong, 2002) realize that the problem of extracting phrase pairs should be intertwined with the method of probability estimation. They formulate a joint phrase-based model in which a source-target sentence pair is generated jointly. However, the huge number of possible phrase-alignments prohibits scaling up the estimation by Expectation-Maximization (EM) (Dempster et al., 1977) to large corpora. Birch et al (Birch et al., 2006) provide soft measures for including wordalignments in the estimation process and obtain improved results only on small data sets. Coming up-to-date, (Blunsom et al., 2008) attempt a related estimation problem to (Marcu and Wong, 2002), using the expanded phrase pair set of (Chiang, 2005a), working with an exponential model and concentrating on marginalizing out the latent segmentation variable. Also most up-to-date, (Zhang et al., 2008) report on a multi-stage model, without a latent segmentation variable, but with a strong prior preferring sparse estimates embedded in a Variational Bayes (VB) estimator and concentrating the efforts on pruning both the space of phrase pairs and the space of (ITG) analyses. The latter two efforts report improved performance, alb
ss. For the most part, the 2 classes are separated based on whether or not the correct output ends in e. This use of latent classes helped address many errors like wronging / wronge or owed / ow). Such missing or surplus final e’s account for 72.5% of the errors for ngrams and 70.6% of the errors for ngrams+x, but only 34.0% of the errors for ngrams+x+latent. The test oracles are between 99.8% – 99.9%, due to the pruned alignment alphabet. As on the inflection task, the insertion limit does not exclude any gold standard paths. 5 Finite-State Feature Implementation We used the OpenFST library (Allauzen et al., 2007) to implement all finite-state computations, using the expectation semiring (Eisner, 2002) for training. Our model is defined by the WFSA Ue, which is used to score alignment strings in E* (section 2.2). We now sketch how to construct U0 from features. n-gram construction The construction that we currently use is quite simple. All of our current features fire on windows of width < 3. We build a WFSA with the structure of a 3-gram language 1087 model over E*. Each of the JE J' states remembers two previous alignment characters ab of history; for each c E E, it has an outgoing arc that accepts c
 the work of Fürstenau and Lapata (2009) who automatically expand a small training set using an automatic dependency alignment of unlabeled sentences. This method was tested on the FrameNet corpus and improved results when compared to a fully-supervised classifier. We will discuss their method in detail in section 5. 3 Semantic role labeling Fillmore (1968) introduced semantic structures called semantic frames, describing abstract actions or common situations (frames) with common roles and themes (semantic roles). Inspired by this idea different resources were constructed, including FrameNet (Baker et al., 1998) and PropBank (Palmer et al., 2005). An alternative approach to semantic role labeling is the framework developed 1See http://www.cnts.ua.ac.be/conll/ for an overview. by Halliday (1994) and implemented by Mehay et al. (2005). PropBank has thus far received the most attention of the research community, and is used in our work. 3.1 PropBank The goal of the PropBank project is to add semantic information to the syntactic nodes in the English Penn Treebank. The main motivation for this annotation is the preservation of semantic roles across different syntactic realizations. Take for instance the
earch ranking: Model Interpolation approaches and error-driven learning approaches. In model interpolation approaches, the adaptation data is used to derive a domain-specific model (also called in-domain model), which is then combined with the background model trained on the background data. This appealingly simple concept provides fertile ground for experimentation, depending on the level at which the combination is implemented (Bellegarda, 2004). In error-driven learning approaches, the background model is adjusted so as to minimize the ranking errors the model makes on the adaptation data (Bacchiani et al., 2004; Gao et al. 2006). This is arguably more powerful than model interpolation for two reasons. First, by defining a proper error function, the method can optimize more directly the measure used to assess the final quality of the Web search system, e.g., Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (Javelin & Kekalainen, 2000) in this study. Second, in this framework, the model can be adjusted to be as fine-grained as necessary. In this study we developed a set of error-driven learning methods based on a boosting algorithm where, in an incremental manner, not only each feature weight could be 505 Procee
aneously, in a relevant application domain for web search services: Zoominfo.com, Spock.com, 123people.com are examples of sites which perform web people search, although with limited disambiguation capabilities. A study of the query log of the AllTheWeb and Altavista search sites gives an idea of the relevance of the people search task: 11-17% of the queries were composed of a person name with additional terms and 4% were identified as person names (Spink et al., 2004). According to the data available from 1990 U.S. Census Bureau, only 90,000 different names are shared by 100 million people (Artiles et al., 2005). As the amount of information in the WWW grows, more of these people are mentioned in different web pages. Therefore, a query for a common name in the Web will usually produce a list of results where different people are mentioned. This situation leaves to the user the task of finding the pages relevant to the particular person he is interested in. The user might refine the original query with additional terms, but this risks excluding relevant documents in the process. In some cases, the existence of a predominant person (such as a celebrity or a historical figure) makes it likely to dominat
 in better performance. However, additional information about semantic SPs of verbs has not yielded considerable improvement on verb classification although SPs can be strong indicators of diathesis alternations (McCarthy, 2001) and although fairly precise semantic descriptions, including information about verb se1See section 6 for discussion on previous work. lectional restrictions, can be assigned to the majority of Levin classes, as demonstrated by VerbNet (Kipper-Schuler, 2005). SP acquisition from undisambiguated corpus data is arguably challenging (Brockmann and Lapata, 2003; Erk, 2007; Bergsma et al., 2008). It is especially challenging in the context of verb classification where SP models are needed for specific syntactic slots for which the data may be sparse, and the resulting feature vectors integrating both syntactic and semantic features may be high dimensional. However, we wanted to investigate whether better results could be obtained if the features were optimised for richness, the feature extraction for accuracy, and a clustering method capable of dealing with the resulting high dimensional feature space was employed. 2.1 Feature extraction We adopted a recent SCF acquisition system whi
the performance of the PCFG-LA parser, a single generative parser, on both small and large amounts of labeled training data. Our approach achieves stateof-the-art parsing accuracies for a single parser on both English (91.5%) and Chinese (85.2%). 1 Introduction There is an extensive research literature on building high quality parsers for English (Collins, 1999; Charniak, 2000; Charniak and Johnson, 2005; Petrov et al., 2006), however, models for parsing other languages are less well developed. Take Chinese for example; there have been several attempts to develop accurate parsers for Chinese (Bikel and Chiang, 2000; Levy and Manning, 2003; Petrov and Klein, 2007), but the state-of-the-art performance, around 83% F measure on Penn Chinese Treebank (achieved by the Berkeley parser (Petrov and Klein, 2007)) falls far short of performance on English (∼90-92%). As pointed out in (Levy and Manning, 2003), there are many linguistic differences between Chinese and English, as well as structural differences between their corresponding treebanks, and some of these make it a harder task to parse Chinese. Additionally, the fact that the available treebanked Chinese materials are more Mary Harper' ,2 2Human Language
nt tree or of the path linking two entities of the dependency tree. For the design of automatic relation classifiers, we have investigated the impact of dependency structures to the RE task. Our novel composite kernels, which account for the two syntactic structures, are experimented with the appropriate convolution kernels and show significant improvement with respect to the state-ofthe-art in RE. Regarding future work, there are many research line that may be followed: i) Capturing more features by employing external knowledge such as ontological, lexical resource or WordNet-based features (Basili et al., 2005a; Basili et al., 2005b; Bloehdorn et al., 2006; Bloehdorn and Moschitti, 2007) or shallow semantic trees, (Giuglea and Moschitti, 2004; Giuglea and Moschitti, 2006; Moschitti and Bejan, 2004; Moschitti et al., 2007; Moschitti, 2008; Moschitti et al., 2008). ii) Design a new tree-based structures, which combines the information of both constituent and dependency parses. From dependency trees we can extract more precise but also more sparse relationships (which may cause overfit). From constituent trees, we can extract subtrees constituted by non-terminal symbols (grammar symbols), which provid
ld Standard In the first experiment we checked whether predicates which people associate with the test arguments can be automatically extracted by our procedure. For this aim we compared the gold standard with all automatically extracted argumentpredicate relations5 containing some of the 30 cue words as follows. These relations were ranked according to the relatedness measure described in previous section. In line with (Cimiano and Wenderoth, 2007) we exploited an approach common in information retrieval for estimating the quality of correspondence of a ranked output to a gold standard, see (Baeza-Yates and Ribeiro-Neto, 1999). Given some n automatically extracted relations with the highest ranking we calculated a precisionrecall curve expressing precision and recall of our procedure compared to the gold standard. The precision characterizes the procedure exactness, i.e. how many redundant relations are retrieved. The 4The overall gold standard consists of 33 tuples. 5In order to evaluate the procedure extracting APrelations on the basis of the semantic annotation we compared automatically extracted tuples to the gold standard tuples. For the procedure using the syntactic annotation only the AP-pairs were considere
tion. We can consider feature combinations in LLMs by explicitly introducing a new conjunctive feature fF,,y(x, y) that is activated when a particular set of features F0 ⊆ F to be combined is activated (namely, fF,,y(x, y) = Afi,y∈F, fi,y(x, y)). We then introduce an `1-regularized LLM (`1- LLM), in which the weight vector w is tuned so as to maximize the logarithm of the a posteriori probability of the training data: L L(w) = log p(yi|xi) − Ckwk1. (2) i=1 Hyper-parameter C thereby controls the degree of over-fitting (solution sparseness). Interested readers may refer to the cited literature (Andrew and Gao, 2007) for the optimization procedures. 2.2 Support Vector Machines A support vector machine (SVM) is a binary classifier (Cortes and Vapnik, 1995). Training with samples {hxi,yii}Li=1 where xi ∈ {0,1}n and yi ∈ {±1} yields the following decision function: y(x) = sgn(g(x) + b) g(x) = � yjαjφ(xj)Tφ(x), (3) xj∈SV where b ∈ R, φ : Rn 7→ RH and support vectors xj ∈ SV (subset of training samples), each of which is associated with weight αj ∈ R. We hereafter call g(x) the weight function. Nonlinear mapping function φ is chosen to make the training samples linearly separable in RH space. Kernel function k
roduct of the SM7 ST-Prod grammars has the same performance as the product of the SM7 ST-Reg grammars. This could be due to the fact that the ST-Prod grammars are no more diverse than the ST-Reg grammars, as we will show in Section 5. 4.4 ST-Prod-Mult Training When creating a product model of regular grammars, Petrov (2010) used a different random seed for each model and conjectured that the effectiveness of the product grammars stems from the resulting diversity of the individual grammars. Two ways to systematically introduce bias into individual models are to either modify the feature sets (Baldridge and Osborne, 2008; Smith and Osborne, 2007) or to change the training distributions of the individual models (Breiman, 1996). Petrov (2010) attempted to use the second method to train individual grammars on either disjoint or overlapping subsets of the treebank, but observed a performance drop in individual grammars resulting from training on less data, as well as in the performance of the product model. Rather than reducing the amount of gold training data (or having treebank experts annotate more data to support the diversity), we employ the self-training paradigm to train models using a combination of the s
nding to I18N’). Multiple topics seem to occur naturally in social interactions, whether synchronous (e.g., chats, meetings) or asynchronous (e.g., emails, blogs) conversations. In multi-party chat (Elsner and Charniak, 2008) report an average of 2.75 discussions active at a time. In our email corpus, we found an average of 2.5 topics per thread. Topic segmentation is often considered a prerequisite for other higher-level conversation analysis and applications of the extracted structure are broad, encompassing: summarization (Harabagiu and Lacatusu, 2005), information extraction and ordering (Allan, 2002), information retrieval (Dias et al., 2007), and intelligent user interfaces (Dredze et al., 2008). While extensive research has been conducted in topic segmentation for monologues (e.g., (Malioutov and Barzilay, 2006), (Choi et al., 2001)) and synchronous dialogs (e.g., (Galley et al., 2003), (Hsueh et al., 2006)), none has studied the problem of segmenting asynchronous multi-party conversations (e.g., email). Therefore, there is no reliable annotation scheme, no standard corpus, and no agreedupon metrics available. Also, it is our key hypothesis that, because of its asynchronous nature, and
nglish translation task. 1 Introduction In many Statistical Machine Translation (SMT) systems, alignment represents an important piece of information, from which translation rules are learnt. However, while translation models have evolved from word-based to syntax-based modeling, the de facto alignment model remains word-based (Brown et al., 1993; Vogel et al., 1996). This gap between alignment modeling and translation modeling is clearly undesirable as it often generates tensions that would prevent the extraction of many useful translation rules (DeNero and Klein, 2007). Recent work, e.g. by Blunsom et al. (2009) and Haghihi et al. (2009) just to name a few, show that alignment models that bear closer resemblance to state-of-theart translation model consistently yields not only a better alignment quality but also an improved translation quality. In this paper, we follow this recent effort to narrow the gap between alignment model and translation model to improve translation quality. More concretely, we focus on the reordering component since we observe that the treatment of reordering remains significantly different when comparing alignment versus translation: the reordering component in state-of-the-
this improves the corpus probability. [clark]: Class-based n-grams with morphology (Clark, 2003). This system uses a similar model to the previous one, and also clusters word types (rather than tokens, as the rest of the systems do). The main differences between the systems are that clark uses a slightly different approximate search procedure, and that he augments the probabilistic model with a prior that prefers clusterings where morphologically similar words are clustered together. The morphology component is implemented as a single-order letter HMM. [cw]: Chinese Whispers graph clustering (Biemann, 2006). Unlike the other systems we consider, this one induces the value of |C |rather than taking it as an input parameter.2 The system uses a graph clustering algorithm called Chinese Whispers that is based on contextual similarity. The algorithm works in two stages. The first clusters the most frequent 10,000 words (target words) based on their context statistics, with contexts formed from the most frequent 150-250 words (feature words) that appear ei1Implementations were obtained from: brown: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/∼pliang/ software/brown-cluster-1.2.zip (Percy Liang), clark: http://www.cs.r
ng into consideration of conversation structures. For each of these levels, we further explore two ways of capturing long distance relations between language constituents: implicit modeling based on the length of distance and explicit modeling based on actual patterns of relations. Our empirical findings have shown that the augmented representation with conversation structures is important, which achieves the best performance when combined with explicit modeling of long distance relations. 1 Introduction Textual entailment has received increasing attention in recent years (Dagan et al., 2005; Bar-Haim et al., 2006; Giampiccolo et al., 2007; Giampiccolo et al., 2008; Bentivogli et al., 2009). Given a segment from a textual document, the task of textual entailment is to automatically determine whether a given hypothesis can be entailed from the segment. The capability of such kind of inference can benefit many text-based applications such as information extraction and question answering. Textual entailment has mainly focused on inference from written text in monologue. Recent years also observed an increasing amount of conversational data such as conversation scripts of meetings, call center records, cou
kewness. We not only try the structures suggested by Nguyen et al. (2009) but also introduce a new sequence structure on dependency trees. We discuss their structures and kernel method in detail in Section 4. 3 Social Event Annotation Data 3.1 Social Event Annotation There has been much work in the past on annotating entities, relations and events in free text, most notably the ACE effort (Doddington et al., 2004). We leverage this work by annotating social events on the English part of ACE 2005 Multilingual Training Data2 that has already been annotated for entities, relations and events. In Agarwal et al. (2010), we introduce a comprehensive set of social events which are conceptually different from the event annotation that already exists for ACE. Since our annotation task is complex and layered, in Agarwal et al. (2010) we present confusion matrices, Cohen’s Kappa, and F-measure values for each of the decision points that the annotators go through in the process of selecting a type and subtype for an event. Our annotation scheme is reliable, achieving a moderate kappa for relation detection (0.68) and a high kappa for relation classification (0.86). We also achieve a high global agreement of 69.7%
ceedings of the 2010 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, pages 1035–1045, MIT, Massachusetts, USA, 9-11 October 2010. c�2010 Association for Computational Linguistics Random Fields (CRF) (Lafferty et al., 2001) have been successfully applied to several IE tasks in the past (Peng and McCallum, 2006). A recurring problem, which arises when working with supervised approaches, concerns the domain portability. In the opinion mining context this question has been prominently investigated with respect to opinion polarity analysis (sentiment analysis) in previous research (Aue and Gamon, 2005; Blitzer et al., 2007). Terms as “unpredictable” can express a positive opinion when uttered about the storyline of a movie but a negative opinion when the handling of a car is described. Hence the effects of training and testing a machine learning algorithm for sentiment analysis on data from different domains have been analyzed in previous research. However to the best of our knowledge, these effects have not been investigated regarding the extraction of opinion targets. The contribution of this paper is a CRF-based approach for opinion targets extraction which tackles the problem of domain
pus and freelyavailable knowledge resources such as Freebase. It first computes multiple typedfunctionality scores, representing functionality of the relation phrase when its arguments are constrained to specific types. It then aggregates these scores to predict the global functionality for the phrase. LEIBNIZ outperforms previous work, increasing area under the precisionrecall curve from 0.61 to 0.88. We utilize LEIBNIZ to generate the first public repository of automatically-identified functional relations. 1 Introduction The paradigm of Open Information Extraction (IE) (Banko et al., 2007; Banko and Etzioni, 2008) has scaled extraction technology to the massive set of relations expressed in Web text. However, additional work is needed to better understand these relations, and to place them in richer semantic structures. A step in that direction is identifying the properties of these relations, e.g., symmetry, transitivity and our focus in this paper – functionality. We refer to this problem as functionality identi�cation. A binary relation is functional if, for a given arg1, there is exactly one unique value for arg2. Examples of functional relations are father, death date, birth city, etc. We define a
ation system. In particular, we use a system of source-side reordering rules which, given a parse of the source sentence, will reorder the sentence into a target-side order (Collins et al., 2005). In our experiments we work with a set of EnglishJapanese reordering rules1 and gold reorderings based on human generated correct reordering of an aligned target sentences. We use a reordering score based on the reordering penalty from the METEOR scoring metric. Though we could have used a further downstream measure like BLEU, METEOR has also been shown to directly correlate with translation quality (Banerjee and Lavie, 2005) and is simpler to measure. reorder-score = 1 − # chunks − 1 # unigrams matched − 1 reorder-cost = 1 − reorder-score All reordering augmented-loss experiments are run with the same treebank data as the baseline (the training portions of PTB, Brown, and QTB). The extrinsic reordering training data consists of 10930 examples of English sentences and their correct Japanese word-order. We evaluate our results on an evaluation set of 6338 examples of similarly created reordering data. The reordering cost, evaluation 1Our rules are similar to those from Xu et al. (2009). trans–PTB + Brown + QTB tran
uage Learning, pages 286–296, Jeju Island, Korea, 12–14 July 2012. c�2012 Association for Computational Linguistics 2 Related Work One relevant line of research is on machine translation between closely related languages, which is arguably simpler than general SMT, and thus can be handled using word-for-word translation, manual language-specific rules that take care of the necessary morphological and syntactic transformations, or character-level translation/transliteration. This has been tried for a number of language pairs including Czech–Slovak (Hajiˇc et al., 2000), Turkish– Crimean Tatar (Altintas and Cicekli, 2002), Irish– Scottish Gaelic (Scannell, 2006), and Bulgarian– Macedonian (Nakov and Tiedemann, 2012). In contrast, we have a different objective – we do not carry out full translation but rather adaptation since our ultimate goal is to translate into a third language X. A special case of this same line of research is the translation between dialects of the same language, e.g., between Cantonese and Mandarin (Zhang, 1998), or between a dialect of a language and a standard version of that language, e.g., between some Arabic dialect (e.g., Egyptian) and Modern Standard Arabic (Bakr et al., 2008; Sawa
candidates. In our experiments, we employ the two incremental training methods, i.e. MBUU and EBUU. Both of the hyperparameters A are tuned on NIST05 and set as 0.018 and 0.06 for MBUU and EBUU, respectively. In the incremental training step, only one CPU is employed. Table 2 depicts that testing each sentence with local training method takes 2.9 seconds, which is comparable to the testing time 2.0 seconds with global training method4. This shows that the local method is efficient. Further, compared to the retrieval, the local training is not the bottleneck. Actually, if we use LSH technique (Andoni and Indyk, 2008) in retrieval process, the local method can be easily scaled to a larger training data. 5.3 Results and Analysis Table 3 shows the main results of our local training methods. The EBUU training method significantly outperforms the MERT baseline, and the improvement even achieves up to 2.0 BLEU points on NIST08. We can also see that EBUU and MBUU are comparable on these three test sets. Both of these two local training methods achieve significant improvements over the MERT baseline, which proves the effectiveness of our local training method over global training method. Although both local metho
e machine translation (MT) community provides in many varieties. Bannard and Callison-Burch (2005) as well as Zhao et al. (2008) take one language as the pivot and match two possible translations in the other languages as paraphrases if they share a common pivot phrase. As parallel corpora have many alternative ways of expressing the same foreign language concept, large quantities of paraphrase pairs can be extracted. The paraphrasing task is also strongly related to cross-document event coreference resolution, which is tackled by similar techniques used by the available paraphrasing systems (Bagga and Baldwin, 1999; Tomadaki and Salway, 2005). Most work in paraphrase acquisition has dealt with sentence-level paraphrases, e.g., (Barzilay and McKeown, 2001; Barzilay and Lee, 2003; Dolan et al., 2004; Quirk et al., 2004). Our approach for sentential paraphrase extraction is related to the one introduced by Barzilay and Lee (2003), who also employ multiple sequence alignment (MSA). However, they use MSA at the sentence level rather than at the discourse level. We take some core ideas from our previous work on mining script information (Regneri et al., 2010). In this earlier work, we focused on event structu
eption (Regier, 1996; Mojsilovic, 2005; Mitchell et al., 2011) should be pursued in the future. 399 Minimum Effort Extra Effort Pefect Perception 84.2% 88.1% Imperfect Perception 45.2% 51.5% Table 3: Results of comparing minimum effort and extra effort using hypergraphs 4.3.3 The Role of Extra Effort While REG systems have a tendency to produce minimal descriptions, recent psycholinguistic studies have shown that speakers do not necessarily follow the Grice’s maxim of quantity, and they tend to provide redundant properties in their descriptions (Jordan and Walker, 2000; Belke and Meyer, 2002; Arts et al., 2011). With this in mind, we conducted a very simple evaluation on the role of extra effort. Once a set of descriptors are selected based on the minimum cost, one additional descriptor (with the least cost among the remaining attributes or relations) is added to the referential description. We once again solicited the crowd feedback to this set of expressions generated by extra effort. Each expression again received three votes from the crowd. Table 3 shows the results by comparing minimum effort with extra effort when using hypergraphs to generate REs. As indicated here, extra effort (by adding on
tions to executable actions, such as interpreting navigation directions (Chen and Mooney, 2011) or robot commands (Tellex et al., 2011; Matuszek et al., 2012). Some efforts have tackled tasks such as automatic image caption generation (Feng and Lapata, 2010a; Ordonez et al., 2011), text illustration (Joshi et al., 2006), or automatic location identification of Twitter users (Eisenstein et al., 2010; Wing and Baldridge, 2011; Roller et al., 2012). Another line of research approaches grounded language knowledge by augmenting distributional approaches of word meaning with perceptual information (Andrews et al., 2009; Steyvers, 2010; Feng and Lapata, 2010b; Bruni et al., 2011; Silberer and Lapata, 2012; Johns and Jones, 2012; Bruni et al., 2012a; Bruni et al., 2012b; Silberer et al., 2013). Although these approaches have differed in model definition, the general goal in this line of research has been to enhance word meaning with perceptual information in order to address one of the most common criticisms of distributional semantics: that the “meaning of words is entirely given by other words” (Bruni et al., 2012b). In this paper, we explore various ways to integrate new perceptual information through nove
. 2 Related Work Summarization research has seen great development over the last fifty years (Nenkova and McKeown, 2011). Compared to the abstractive counterpart, extractive summarization has received considerable attention due to its clear problem formulation: to extract a set of salient and nonredundant sentences from the given document set. Both unsupervised and supervised approaches have been explored for sentence selection. Supervised approaches include the Bayesian classifier (Kupiec et al., 1995), maximum entropy (Osborne, 2002), skip-chain CRF (Galley, 2006), discriminative reranking (Aker et al., 2010), among others. The extractive summary sentence selection problem can also be formulated in an optimization framework. Previous methods include using integer linear programming (ILP) and submodular functions to solve the optimization problem (Gillick et al., 2009; Li et al., 2013b; Lin and Bilmes, 2010). Compressive summarization receives increasing attention in recent years, since it offers a viable step towards abstractive summarization. The compressed summaries can be generated through a joint model of the sentence selection and compression processes, or through a pipeline approach that int
fitably exploited for reason classification. Experiments on our reason-annotated corpus of ideological debate posts from four domains demonstrate that sophisticated models of stances and reasons can indeed yield more accurate reason and stance classification results than their simpler counterparts. 1 Introduction In recent years, researchers have begun exploring new opinion mining tasks. One such task is debate stance classi�cation (SC): given a post written for a two-sided topic discussed in an online debate forum, determine which of the two sides (i.e., for or against) its author is taking (Agrawal et al., 2003; Thomas et al., 2006; Bansal et al., 2008; Somasundaran and Wiebe, 2009; Burfoot et al., 2011; Hasan and Ng, 2013b). For example, the author of the post shown in Figure 1 is pro-abortion. Oftentimes, however, it is important to determine not only the author’s stance expressed in her debate posts, but also the reasons why she supports or opposes the issue under debate. Intuitively, given a debate topic such as “Should abortion be banned?” or “Do you support Obamacare?”, it [I feel that abortion should remain legal, or rather, parents should have the power to make the decision themselves and no
lated Work The process study most similar to ours is that of Koehn (2009a), who compared scratch, post-edit, and simple interactive modes. However, he used undergraduate, non-professional subjects, and did not consider re-tuning. Our experimental design with professional bilingual translators follows our previous work Green et al. (2013a) comparing scratch translation to post-edit. Many research translation UIs have been proposed including TransType (Langlais et al., 2000), Caitra (Koehn, 2009b), Thot (Ortiz-Martínez and Casacuberta, 2014), TransCenter (Denkowski et al., 2014b), and CasmaCat (Alabau et al., 2013). However, to our knowledge, none of these interfaces were explicitly designed according to mixedinitiative principles from the HCI literature. Incremental MT learning has been investigated several times, usually starting from no data (Barrachina et al., 2009; Ortiz-Martínez et al., 2010), via simulated post-editing (Martínez-Gómez et al., 2012; Denkowski et al., 2014a), or via re-ranking (Wäschle et al., 2013). No previous experiments combined large-scale baselines, full re-tuning of the model weights, and HTER optimization. HTER tuning can be simulated by reparameterizing an existing metric.
ith all subsets of TopSh and TopShvar; the best results were obtained using all features in each set. 7 Related Work Studies in sociolinguistics (e.g., (Ng et al., 1993; Ng et al., 1995; Reid and Ng, 2000)) have long established that dialog structure in interactions relates to power and influence. Researchers in the NLP community have studied power and influence in various genres of interactions, such as organizational email threads (Bramsen et al., 2011; Gilbert, 2012; Prabhakaran and Rambow, 2013; Prabhakaran and Rambow, 2014), online discussion forums (Danescu-Niculescu-Mizil et al., 2012; Biran et al., 2012) and online chat dialogs (Strzalkowski et al., 2012). The correlates analyzed in these studies range from word and phrase patterns, to derivatives of such patterns such as linguistic coordination, to deeper dialogic features such as argumentation and dialog acts. Our work differs from these studies in that we study the correlates of power in topic dynamics. Furthermore, we analyze spoken interactions. 8 Conclusion In this paper, we studied how topic shift patterns in the 2012 Republican presidential debates correlate with the power of candidates. We proposed an alternate formulation of the SIT
 a desert air strip at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., ending a five-day mission that dispatched the Jupiter-bound Galileo space probe. The 1Examples are from OntoNotes (Weischedel et al., 2011). Bridging anaphora are typed in boldface; antecedents in italics. five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site. Fog shrouded the base before touchdown. Bridging or associative anaphora has been widely discussed in the linguistic literature (Clark, 1975; Prince, 1981; Gundel et al., 1993; L¨obner, 1998). Poesio and Vieira (1998) and Bunescu (2003) include cases where antecedent and anaphor are coreferent but do not share the same head noun (different-head coreference). We follow our previous work (Hou et al., 2013b) and restrict bridging to non-coreferential cases. We also exclude comparative anaphora (Modjeska et al., 2003). Bridging resolution includes two subtasks: (1) recognizing bridging anaphors and (2) finding the correct antecedent among candidates. In recent empirical work, these two subtasks have been tackled separately: (Markert et al., 2012; Cahill and Riester, 2012; Rahman and Ng, 2012; Hou et al., 2013a) handle bridging r
classification model using a rich set of features that effectively identify these sentences. The findings in this paper point out a definite issue in different languages currently underinvestigated in text-to-text generation systems. One possible way to improve MT systems is to incorporate sentence simplification before translation (Mishra et al., 2014). Future work could use our proposed model to detect heavy sentences that needs such pre-processing. Our findings can also inspire informative features for sentence quality estimation, in which the task is to predict the sentence-level fluency (Beck et al., 2014). We have shown that heavy Chinese sentences are likely to lead to hard to read, disfluent sentences in English. Another important future direction lies in text simplification. In our inspection of parallel Wikipedia/Simple Wikipedia data (Kauchak, 2013), around 23.6% of the aligned sentences involve a single sentence on one side and multiple sentences on another. A similar analysis using ideas from this work can be useful in identifying sentences that needs simplification in the first place. Acknowledgements We would like to express our gratitude to Bonnie Webber for her detailed comments on
eters of the function g, which records a subset of the information from a set of previous history representations in a new history representation. The training process auto3As is standard, g is the sigmoid activation function applied to a weighted sum of its inputs. Multi-layered neural networks of this form can approximate arbitrary mappings from inputs to outputs (Hornik et al., 1989), whereas a loglinear model alone can only estimate probabilities where the category-conditioned probability distributions P(xidi) of the pre-defined inputs x are in a restricted form of the exponential family (Bishop, 1995). 4We use the cross-entropy error function, which ensures that the minimum of the error function converges to the desired probabilities as the amount of training data increases (Bishop, 1995). This implies that the minimum for any given dataset is an estimate of the true probabilities. We use the on-line version of Backpropagation to perform the gradient descent. 133 matically chooses these parameters based on what information needs to be recorded. The recorded information may be needed to compute the output for the current step, or it may need to be passed on to future history representations
n 6, an example illustrating the generation steps is presented in Sec83 tion 7. For the evaluation of the results we use the BLEU score (Papineni et al., 2001). Section 8 compares translations generated from automatically built and manually annotated tectogrammatical representations. We also compare the results with the output generated by the statistical translation system GIZA++/ISI ReWrite Decoder (AlOnaizan et al., 1999; Och and Ney, 2000; Germann et al., 2001), trained on the same parallel corpus. 2 Data Resources 2.1 The Prague Dependency Treebank The Prague Dependency Treebank project (Bohmova et al., 2001) aims at complex annotation of a corpus containing about 1.8M word occurrences (about 80,000 running text sentences) in Czech. The annotation, which is based on dependency syntax, is carried out in three steps: morphological, analytical, and tectogrammatical. The first two have been finished so far, presently, there are about 18,000 sentences tectogrammatically annotated. See Haji 6 et al. (2001) and Haji6ova et al. (2000) for details on analytical and on tectogrammatical annotation, respectively. 2.2 English to Czech translation of Penn Treebank So far, there was no considerably large manuall
osed in 1992 was to model sentence structures on the basis of previously observed frequencies of sentence structure fragments, without imposing any constraints on the size of these fragments. Fragments include, for instance, subtrees of depth 1 (corresponding to context-free rules) as well as entire trees. To appreciate these innovations, it should be noted that the model was radically different from all other statistical parsing models at the time. Other models started off with a predefined grammar and used a corpus only for estimating the rule probabilities (as e.g. in Fujisaki et al. 1989; Black et al. 1992, 1993; Briscoe and I Thanks to Ivan Sag for this pun. Waegner 1992; Pereira and Schabes 1992). The DOP model, on the other hand, was the first model (to the best of our knowledge) that proposed not to train a predefined grammar on a corpus, but to directly use corpus fragments as a grammar. This approach has now gained wide usage, as exemplified by the work of Collins (1996, 1999), Charniak (1996, 1997), Johnson (1998), Chiang (2000), and many others. The other innovation of DOP was to take (in principle) all corpus fragments, of any size, rather than a small subset. This innovation has not b
 Question Inversion you did say the eighteenth? Verb Treatment you_did say the eighteenth? Catalan Sentence has dit el divuit ? Spanish Sentence i, has dicho el dieciocho ? ing operation. This makes it impossible to translate the verb itself, because it is then unknown to the system. The same holds for combinations of pronouns and verbs that are unseen in training, e. g. the training corpus contains the bigram 'I went', but not the one 'she went'. In order to overcome this problem, we train our lexicon model using maximum entropy. 5.1 The Maximum Entropy Approach The maximum entropy approach (Berger et al., 1996) presents a powerful framework for the combination of several knowledge sources. This principle recommends to choose the distribution which preserves as much uncertainty as possible in terms of maximizing the entropy. The distribution is required to satisfy constraints, which represent facts known from the data. These constraints are expressed on the basis of feature functions hu,(s,t), where (s, t) is a pair of source and target word. The lexicon probability of a source word given the target word has the following functional form 1 t) Z(t) exp [Y‘ with the normalization factor Z(t) = Eexp [E
asks since the first Bakeoff (Bakeoff-1, or Bakeoff-2003)3 (Sproat and Emerson, 2003). Up to Bakeoff-4, seven word segmentation standards have been proposed. However, this does not effectively solve the open problem what a Chinese word should exactly be but raises another issue: what a segmentation standard should be selected for the successive application. As word often plays a basic role for the further language processing, if it cannot be determined in a unified way, then all successive tasks will be affected more or less. Motivated by dependency representation for syntactic parsing since (Collins, 1999) that has been drawn more and more interests in recent years, we suggest that character-level dependencies can be adopted to alleviate this difficulty in Chinese processing. If we regard traditional word boundary as a linear representation for neighbored characters, then character-level dependencies can provide a way to represent non-linear relations between non-neighbored characters. To show that character dependencies can be useful, we develop a parsing scheme for the related learning task and demonstrate its effectiveness. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The next section show
which is a useful approach for dealing with issues of word-formation. However, this does not deal directly with linguistic features marked by inflection. In German these linguistic features are marked very irregularly and there is widespread syncretism, making it difficult to split off morphemes specifying these features. So it is questionable as to whether morpheme segmentation techniques are sufficient to solve the inflectional problem we are addressing. Much previous work looks at the impact of using source side information (i.e., feature functions on the aligned English), such as those of Avramidis and Koehn (2008), Yeniterzi and Oflazer (2010) and others. Toutanova et. al.’s work showed that it is most important to model target side coherence and our stem markup also allows us to access source side information. Using additional source side information beyond the markup did not produce a gain in performance. For compound splitting, we follow Fritzinger and Fraser (2010), using linguistic knowledge encoded in a rule-based morphological analyser and then selecting the best analysis based on the geometric mean of word part frequencies. Other approaches use less deep linguistic resources (e.g., POS-tags Sty
We also introduce novel semantic tree kernels that help us improve the performance of the best reported system on social event detection and classification by a statistically significant margin. We show results for combining the models for the two aforementioned subtasks into the overall task of social network extraction. We show that a combination of features from all three levels of abstractions (lexical, syntactic and semantic) are required to achieve the best performing system. 1 Introduction Social network extraction from text has recently been gaining a considerable amount of attention (Agarwal and Rambow, 2010; Elson et al., 2010; Agarwal et al., 2013a; Agarwal et al., 2013b; He et al., 2013). One of the reason for this attention, we believe, is that being able to extract social networks from unstructured text may provide a powerful new tool for historians, political scientists, scholars of literature, and journalists to analyze large collections of texts around entities and their interactions. The tool would allow researchers to quickly extract networks and assess their size, nature, and cohesiveness, a task that would otherwise be impossible with corpora numbering millions of documents. It would
, 1997b) which uses an advanced search function, an advanced selection function and incorporates a coroutining mechanism which supports delayed interpretation. The proposed parser is related to the so-called Lemma Table deduction system (Johnson and D6rre, 1995) which allows the user to specify whether top-down sub-computations are to be tabled. In contrast to Johnson and D6rre's deduction system, though, the selective magic parsing approach combines top-down and bottom-up control strategies. As such it resembles the parser of the grammar development system Attribute Language Engine (ALE) of (Carpenter and Penn, 1994). Unlike the ALE parser, though, the selective magic parser does not presuppose a phrase structure backbone and is more flexible as to which sub-computations are tabled/filtered. 2 Bottom-up Interpretation of Magic-compiled Typed Feature Grammars We describe typed feature grammars and discuss their use in implementing HPSG grammars. Subsequently we present magic compilation of typed 165 Proceedings of EACL '99 feature grammars on the basis of an example and introduce a dynamic bottom-up interpreter that can be used for goal-directed interpretation of magic-compiled typed feature grammars. 2.1
erministic automaton is determinized, we obtain a third source of exponential behavior. The time and space complexity of the method are thereby bounded by a triple exponential function in the size of the grammar. This theoretical analysis seems to be in keeping with the high costs of applying this method in practice, as will be shown later in this article. As proposed by Pereira and Wright (1997), our implementation applies the approximation separately for each nonterminal occurring in a set N, that reveals selfembedding. A different superset approximation based on LR automata was proposed by Baker (1981) and rediscovered by Heckert (1994). Each individual stack symbol is now translated to one state of the nondeterministic finite automaton. It can be argued theoretically that this approximation differs from the unparameterized RTN approximation from Section 4.1 only under certain conditions that are not likely to occur very often in practice. This consideration is confirmed by our experiments to be discussed later. Our implementation differs from the original algorithm in that the approximation is applied separately for each nonterminal in a set Ni that reveals self-embedding. A generalization
uted from the training counts by simple maximum likelihood estimation. We have applied this method of training statistical dependency transduction models in experiments on English-to-Spanish and English-to-Japanese translations of transcribed spoken utterances. The results of these experiments are described in Section 5; our concluding remarks are in Section 6. 2. Head Transducers 2.1 Weighted Finite-State Head Transducers In this section we describe the basic structure and operation of a weighted head transducer. In some respects, this description is simpler than earlier presentations (e.g., Alshawi 1996); for example, here final states are simply a subset of the transducer states whereas in other work we have described the more general case in which final states are specified by a probability distribution. The simplified description is adequate for the purposes of this paper. Formally, a weighted head transducer is a 5-tuple: an alphabet W of input symbols; an alphabet V of output symbols; a finite set Q of states go, • • • , qs; a set of final states F C Q; and a finite set T of state transitions. A transition from state q to state q' has the form (q, q' ,w, v, a, 0, c) where w is a member o
iming that the interactions are sufficiently minor to be ignored (or at least handled on an ad hoc basis) (Reiter 1994). While this certainly has appeal as a design methodology, it seems reckless to assume that problems will never appear. Certainly an approach to generation that does handle these interactions would be an improvement, as long as it didn't require abandoning modularity. There have in fact been attempts to develop modified modular designs that allow generators to handle interactions between the components. These include devices such as interleaving the components (McDonald 1983; Appelt 1983), backtracking on failure (Appelt 1985; Nogier 1989), allowing the linguistic component to interrogate the planner (Mann 1983; Sondheimer and Nebel 1986), and Hovy's notion of restrictive (i.e., bottom-up) planning (Hovy 1988a, 1988c). All of these approaches, though, require that potential interactions be determined either by the tactical component or by the system designer in advance. The text planning component still has no way to detect and respond to unanticipated interactions on its own initiative.5 4 Danlos still has a separate low-level &quot;syntactic&quot; component, but essentially all of the
 include &quot;voting methods, Bayesian inference, Dempster-Shafer 's method, generalized evidence processing theory, and various ad hoc techniques&quot; (Hall 1992, 135). Clearly, the above characterization is very wide ranging. Consequently, fusion has been applied to a wide variety of pattern recognition and decision theoretic problems— using a plethora of theories, techniques, and tools—including some applications in computational linguistics (e.g., Brill and Wu 1998; van Halteren, Zavrel, and Daelemans 1998) and speech technology (e.g., Bowles and Damper 1989; Romary and Pierre11989). According to Abbott (1999, 290), &quot;While the reasons [that] combining models works so well are not rigorously understood, there is ample evidence that improvements over single models are typical.... A strong case can be made for combining models across algorithm families as a means of providing uncorrelated output estimates.&quot; Our purpose in this paper is to study and exploit such fusion by model (or strategy) combination as a way of achieving performance gains in PbA. 6. Multiple Strategies for PbA We have experimented with five different scoring strategies, used singly and in combination, in an attempt to improve the
ar, Chapter 8). 224 Melamed Models of Translational Equivalence each i is distinct, and each j is distinct. The label pairs in a given assignment can be generated in any order, so there are 1! ways to generate an assignment of size 1.6 It follows that the probability of generating a pair of bags (B1, B2) with a particular assignment A of size 1 is Pr(Bi, A, B21/, C , trans) = Pr (1) 1! ri E Pr(C)trans(tii, Ari1C). (10) CEC The above equation holds regardless of how we represent concepts. There are many plausible representations, such as pairs of trees from synchronous tree adjoining grammars (Abeille et al. 1990; Shieber 1994; Candito 1998), lexical conceptual structures (Dorr 1992) and WordNet synsets (Fellbaum 1998; Vossen 1998). Of course, for a representation to be used, a method must exist for estimating its distribution in data. A useful representation will reduce the entropy of the trans distribution, which is conditioned on the concept distribution as shown in Equation 10. This topic is beyond the scope of this article, however. I mention it only to show how the models presented here may be used as building blocks for models that are more psycholinguistically sophisticated. To make the transl
minalization decisions are typically made earlier than word-ordering decisions; for example in the three-stage pipelined architecture presented by Reiter and Dale (2000), pronominalization decisions are made in the second stage (microplanning), but word ordering is chosen during the third stage (realization). This means that the microplanner will not be able to make optimal pronominalization decisions in cases where le or la are unambiguous, but l' is not, since it does not know word order and hence whether the pronoun will be abbreviated. Many other such cases are described in Danlos's book (Danlos 1987). The common theme behind many of these examples is that pipelines have difficulties satisfying linguistic constraints (such as unambiguous reference) or performing linguistic optimizations (such as using pronouns instead of longer referring expressions whenever possible) in cases where the constraints or optimizations depend on decisions made in multiple modules. This is largely due to the fact that pipelined systems cannot perform general search over a decision space that includes decisions made in more than one module. Despite these arguments, most applied NLG systems use a pipelined archit
nd speculates on a few directions for future research. At first I found Chapters 4 through 8 slightly overwhelming, as they introduce several levels of representation, each with its own terminology and acronyms. However, at a second, more-careful, reading, everything falls into place. The resulting approach has at its center a lexicon that partly implements current theories of lexical semantics such as Jackendoff's (1990) and Levin's (1993). The lexicon is used to mediate and map between a language-independent domain model and a language-dependent ontology widely used in NLG, the Upper Model (Bateman 1990). Although the idea of a two-level representation accommodating language-neutral and language-specific requirements is not new (see for example Nirenburg and Levin [1992], Dorr and Voss [1993], and Di Eugenio [1998]), Stede is among the few who make effective use of those two levels in a complex system. Chapter 4 presents the domain model built by means of the description logic system LOOM (MacGregor and Burstein 1991). Stede is specifically interested in verbalizations of situations, to use his own neutral term. Thus, the domain model contains a representation for categories such as states, a
at allow only a certain degree of variability: (1) John makes concessions to his friend. (2) John makes a right turn. (3) *John makes a right turn to his friend. In this example the predicative noun concessions is the real head of the sentence, governing the number and nature of arguments. The light verb makes is in a support role. Roche's paper shows that such constructions, for which &quot;rewriting mechanisms such as context free parsing are at best unnatural,&quot; can be processed by finite-state transducer parsing. Kornai points out that such light-verb constructions were seen in the tradition of Chomsky (1970) as &quot;core cases of transformational grammar.&quot; Roche's article argues persuasively that finite-state models are not just &quot;an efficient but somewhat inaccurate tool,&quot; as might be imagined from a transformational grammar perspective, &quot;but rather one of the best formalisms at hand to represent accurately complex linguistic phenomena.&quot; Kornai suggests also that another &quot;important way in which mainstream syntax is impacted by finite-state techniques can be called 'finite-state to the rescue'. The paper by Schulz and Mikolajewski [Chapter 14, &quot;Between finite state and Prolog: Constraintbased automata
ensky, and McCarthy in 1993. OT reclaims traditional grammar's ability to express surface generalizations (&quot;syllables have onsets,&quot; &quot;no nasal+voiceless obstruent clusters&quot;). Empirically, some surface generalizations are robust within a language, or—perhaps for functionalist reasons— widespread across languages. Derivational theories were forced to posit diverse rules that rescued these robust generalizations from other phonological processes. An OT grammar avoids such &quot;conspiracies&quot; by stating the generalizations directly, as in TwoLevel Morphology (Koskenniemi 1983) or Declarative Phonology (Bird 1995). In OT, the processes that try but fail to disrupt a robust generalization are described not as rules (cf. Paradis 1988), but as lower-ranked generalizations. Such a generalization may fail in contexts where it is overruled by a higher-ranked requirement of the language (or of the underlying form). As Kager emphasizes, this interaction of violable constraints can yield complex surface patterns. OT therefore holds out the promise of simplifying grammars, by factoring all complex phenomena into simple surface-level constraints that partially mask one another.1 Whether this is always possible un
frequency words are extracted. As mentioned in the introduction, the received wisdom is that the windowing method is unreliable for events with a frequency of less than 5. By means of an analysis of the behavior of statistical tests for 2 x 2 contingency tables with sparse data, a method for optimizing the use of these tests has been developed. We hope that this technique will prove to be useful for domains in which the extraction of low-probability events is crucial. Appendix Log-Likelihood Ratio For the general contingency table, table (a) in Table 4, the log-likelihood ratio is defined by (Agresti 1990): G2 = 2 EEnyln( ii where trig = ni±n±iln±±. When we use the specific contingency table for hapax legomena, table (b) in Table 4, we obtain for a specific G2 of X the formula: X/2 = Ain +W C + (W A) ln + C In W + C A) W A' = ln(W - A)w-A - In Ww + ln(W + C)w-Fc - In(W + C - = W-w (W + C - A)w±c-A (W - A)w-A (W + C)w-c Ww (W + C - A)w±c-A • ex/2 314 Weeber, Vos, and Baayen Extracting the Lowest-Frequency Words We rewrite the latter equation to: eX/2wW (W — A)W—A eX/2wW(w _ A)A (W — A)&quot; (w + qvv-Pc (W + C — A) w+c—A ' (W + C)&quot; (W + C)c (W + C — A)A (W + C — A)w (W + C — A)c • Because W > A and t
 it assumes the initial presence of the entire sequent to be proved, i.e., it is in principle nonincrementah on the other hand, allowing incrementality on the basis of Cut would reinstate with a vengeance the problem of spurious ambiguity, for then what are to be the Cut formulas? Consequently, the sequent approach is ill-equipped to address the basic asymmetry of language—the asymmetry of its processing in time—and has never been forwarded in a model of the kind of processing phenomena cited in the introduction. 322 Morrill Incremental Processing and Acceptability An alternative formulation (Ades and Steedman 1982, Steedman 1997), which from its inception has emphasized a capacity to produce left-branching, and therefore incrementally processable, analyses, is comprised of combinatory schemata such as the following (together with a Cut rule, feeding one rule application into another): (17) a. A,A\B B BIA,A B b. A = (B I A)\B A B I (A\B) c. A\B,B\C A\C CIB,BIA CIA By a result of Zielonka (1981), the Lambek calculus is not axiomatizable by any finite set of combinatory schemata, so no such combinatory presentation can constitute the logic of concatenation in the sense of Lambek calculus. Combinatory cate
 selectively skip previous DAs in choosing conditioning for DA prediction. Nagata and Morimoto (1993, 1994) may also have been the first to use word ngrams as a miniature grammar for DAs, to be used in improving speech recognition. The idea caught on very quickly: Suhm and Waibel (1994), Mast et al. (1996), Warnke et al. (1997), Reithinger and Klesen (1997), and Taylor et al. (1998) all use variants of backoff, interpolated, or class n-gram language models to estimate DA likelihoods. Any kind of sufficiently powerful, trainable language model could perform this function, of course, and indeed Alexandersson and Reithinger (1997) propose using automatically learned stochastic context-free grammars. Jurafsky, Shriberg, Fox, and Curl (1998) show that the grammar of some DAs, such as appreciations, can be captured by finite-state automata over part-of-speech tags. N-gram models are likelihood models for DAs, i.e., they compute the conditional probabilities of the word sequence given the DA type. Word-based posterior probability estimators are also possible, although less common. Mast et al. (1996) propose the use of semantic classification trees, a kind of decision tree conditioned on word patterns as features. Finally,
nfinite series of long-enough sentences that parse in time x by this grammar. However, what matters in engineering practice is the average case for a specific grammar. Specific, since a specific grammar belonging to a high complexity class may well prove to parse much faster than the worst grammar of its class, even with the general algorithm, if the possible time-consuming behavior of the algorithm never happens for this grammar. Average, since it can happen that the grammar does admit hard-toparse sentences that are not used (or at least not frequently used) in the real corpus. For example, Radzinsky (1991) proves that Chinese numerals such as wu zhao zhao zhao zhao zhao wu zhao zhao zhao zhao wu zhao zhao zhao wu zhao zhao wu zhao, for the number 5000000000000000005000000000000005000000000005000000005000, are not context-free, which implies that Chinese is not a context-free language and thus might parse in exponential worst-case time. Do such arguments—no doubt important for mathematical linguistics—have any direct consequences for an engineering linguistics? Even if a Chinese grammar includes a non-context-free rule for parsing such numerals, how frequently will it be activated? Does it imply
ken language text genres (i.e., G08-G10) have a lower identification error rate, on average (0.10), than written language text genres (021) as calculated by either multiple regression or discriminant analysis. The classification accuracy of our method related to the text length for the text genre experiment using multiple regression is presented in Figure 4. Due to the stylistic homogeneity of recipes and broadcast news, the accuracy of texts shorter than 500 words (see Table 1) is relatively high. In addition, texts over 1,500 words seem to be classified more reliably. Note that according to Biber (1990, 1993a) a text length of 1,000 words is adequate for representing the distributions of many core linguistic features of a stylistic category. 484 Stamatatos, Fakotakis, and Kokkinakis Text Categorization Table 4 The structure of the Modem Greek weekly newspaper TO BHMA. Section Title (Translation) Description Code A TO BHMA (the tribune) B NEEZ ETIOXEZ (new ages) C TO AAA° BHMA (the other tribune) D ANAIITYEH (development) E H APAX.MH EAE (your money) I El AIKH EKAOZH (special issue) S BIBAIA (books) Z TEXNEE KAI KAAAITEXNEZ (arts and artists) T TA El AIA (travels) Editorials, diaries, report
e to that proposed in Pereira (1990, 1991), with some differences that are commented on below. Like Pereira's approach, it avoids the need for a free variable constraint, nor does it need the explicit recursion on the quantifier restriction imposed by Lewin. We analyze quantified NPs at the QLF level as illustrated in the QLF for: (19) Every manager uses a computer. ex istsl ( e. pos( pres( u se(e,eve ry( m a na ger), a c.,„„(com put er)))) We assume that every determiner has its own equivalence, which resolves it as a quantifier: sometimes this can be quite a complicated matter, as with any (Alshawi 1990), which will resolve in different ways depending on its linguistic context, but here we avoid this complexity' 6 Separate equivalences might also make it easier to encode determiner-specific preferences, such as that of each for wide scope. A referee points out that the lack of any explicit ordering of application of equivalences makes one natural way of doing this unavailable. But I am not convinced that this would have been the right way in any case. These preferences are just that, not hard and fast rules, so we need to be able to permit all permutations where the context, or the structure,
ng need for the development of robust and inexpensive solutions to meet the demands of practical NLP systems encouraged many researchers to move away from extensive domain and linguistic knowledge and to embark instead upon knowledge-poor anaphora resolution strategies. A number of proposals in the 1990s deliberately limited the extent to which they relied on domain and/or linguistic knowledge and reported promising results in knowledge-poor operational environments (Dagan and Itai 1990, 1991; Lappin and Leass 1994; Nasukawa 1994; Kennedy and Boguraev 1996; Williams, Harvey, and Preston 1996; Baldwin 1997; Mitkov 1996, 1998b). The drive toward knowledge-poor and robust approaches was further motivated by the emergence of cheaper and more reliable corpus-based NLP tools such as partof-speech taggers and shallow parsers, alongside the increasing availability of corpora and other NLP resources (e.g., ontologies). In fact, the availability of corpora, both raw and annotated with coreferential links, provided a strong impetus to anaphora resolu* School of Humanities, Language and Social Sciences, Stafford Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1SB, UK. E-mail: r.mitkov@w1v.ac.uk t 30 Saw Mill River Road, Hawtho
Section 3.2. Here we see a significant impact of the infelicities in the disambiguation of capitalized words and abbreviations on the performance of the SBD rule set. Row C of Table 4 summarizes the highest results known to us (for all three tasks) produced by automatic systems on the Brown corpus and the WSJ corpus. State-of-theart machine learning and rule-based SBD systems achieve an error rate of 0.8–1.5% measured on the Brown corpus and the WSJ corpus. The best performance on the WSJ corpus was achieved by a combination of the SATZ system (Palmer and Hearst 1997) with the Alembic system (Aberdeen et al. 1995): a 0.5% error rate. The best performance on the Brown corpus, a 0.2% error rate, was reported by Riley (1989), who trained a decision tree classifier on a 25-million-word corpus. In the disambiguation of capitalized words, the most widespread method is POS tagging, which achieves about a 3% error rate on the Brown corpus and a 5% error rate on the WSJ corpus, as reported in Mikheev (2000). We are not aware of any studies devoted to the identification of abbreviations with comprehensive evaluation on either the Brown corpus or the WSJ corpus. In row D of Table 4, we summarized our main results
and co-occurrence probabilities. The respective lengths of the putative alignments in terms of characters is also an important factor. Ahrenberg, Andersson, and Merkel (2002) observe that for less widely spoken languages, the relative lack of linguistic tools and resources has forced developers of word alignment tools for such languages to use shallow processing and basic statistical approaches to word linking. Accordingly, they generate lexical correspondences by means of co-occurrence measures and string similarity metrics. More specifically, the notion of the phrasal lexicon (used first by Becker 1975) has been used successfully in a number of areas: • Learnability (Zernik and Dyer 1987) • Text generation (Hovy 1988; Milosavljevic, Tulloch, and Dale 1996) • Speech generation (Rayner and Carter 1997) • Localization (Sch¨aler 1996) More recently, Simard and Langlais (2001) have proposed the exploitation of TMs at a subsentential level, while Carl, Way, and Sch¨aler (2002) and Sch¨aler, Way, and Carl (2003, pages 108–109) describe how phrasal lexicons might come to occupy a central place in a future hybrid integrated translation environment. This, they suggest, may result in a paradigm shift f
benefits problems in which the cost of acquiring raw data is cheap but the cost of annotating them is high, as is certainly the case for many supervised learning tasks in natural language processing. In addition to PP-attachment, as discussed in this article, sample selection has been successfully applied to other classification 271 Computational Linguistics Volume 30, Number 3 applications. Some examples include text categorization (Lewis and Catlett 1994), base noun phrase chunking (Ngai and Yarowsky 2000), part-of-speech tagging (Engelson Dagan 1996), spelling confusion set disambiguation (Banko and Brill 2001), and word sense disambiguation (Fujii et al. 1998). More challenging are learning problems whose objective is not classification, but generation of complex structures. One example in this direction is applying sample selection to semantic parsing (Thompson, Califf, and Mooney 1999), in which sentences are paired with their semantic representation using a deterministic shift-reduce parser. A recent effort that focuses on statistical syntactic parsing is the work by Tang, Lou, and Roukos (2002). Their results suggest that the number of training examples can be further reduced by using a hybrid
l of 577 frame types and an average of 4.8 frame types per verb. We present a large-scale evaluation of the complete set of forms extracted against the full COMLEX resource. To our knowledge, this is the largest and most complete evaluation of subcategorization frames acquired automatically for English. 1. Introduction In modern syntactic theories (e.g., lexical-functional grammar [LFG] [Kaplan and Bresnan 1982; Bresnan 2001; Dalrymple 2001], head-driven phrase structure grammar [HPSG] [Pollard and Sag 1994], tree-adjoining grammar [TAG] [Joshi 1988], and combinatory categorial grammar [CCG] [Ades and Steedman 1982]), the lexicon is the central repository for much morphological, syntactic, and semantic information. * National Centre for Language Technology, School of Computing, Dublin City University, Glasnevin, Dublin 9, Ireland. E-mail: {rodonovan,mburke,acahill,josef,awayl@computing.dcu.ie. † Centre for Advanced Studies, IBM, Dublin, Ireland. Submission received: 19 March 2004; revised submission received: 18 December 2004; accepted for publication: 2 March 2005. © 2005 Association for Computational Linguistics Computational Linguistics Volume 31, Number 3 Extensive lexical resources, therefore, are
 larger than a preset threshold. The value of WFA for a given NW 11 candidate ab is defined as: WFA(ab) = 1 if there exists an affix pair (a, x) (or (b, x)) and the string xb (or ax) is a lexical word; 0, otherwise. For example, given an NW 11 candidate -Fn (xia4-gang3, ‘be laid off’), we have WFA(-Fn) = 1 because (�, -F) is an affix pair (they have 32 common stems such as û, icy, ;, F, �, �) and -Ln (shang4-gang3, ‘take over a shift’) is a lexical word. MP (morphological productivity) is a real-valued feature. It is a measure of the productivity of a particular construction, as defined here (Baayen 1989): MP(x) = n1(x) N(x) . (13) MP is strongly related to the Good-Turing estimate. Here, N is the number of tokens of a particular construction found in a corpus, e.g., the number of tokens of all nouns ending in -ì, and n1 is the number of types of that construction, e.g., the number of unique nouns ending in -ì. Intuitively, a higher value of MP indicates a higher probability that (one of) the component parts of a multicharacter string appears to be a word. For example, Sproat and Shih (2002) show that the MP values of Chinese noun affix -ì and verb affix -A are 0.20 and 0.04, respectively, ind
IPiII (the extension of the next property in the description). If computing the intersection of two sets takes constant time then this makes the complexity of interpreting non-vague descriptions linear: O(nd), where nd is the number of properties used. In a vague description, the property last added to the description is context dependent. Worst case, calculating the set corresponding with such a property, of the form size(x) = maxm, for example, involves sorting the distractors as to their size, which may amount to O(n2d) or O(nd log nd) calculations (depending on the sorting algorithm: cf. [Aho et al. 1983] Chapter 8). Once again, the most time-consuming part of the calculation can be performed off-line, since it is the same for all referring expressions. Thus, the worst-case time complexity of interpretation is as follows: The part that can be computed off-line takes O(nd log nd) calculations. The part that has to be computed for each referring expression separately takes O(nd) calculations. Once again, there is a difference with the nongradable case, but the difference is modest, especially regarding the part that cannot be done off-line. One should bear in mind that worst-case theoretical co
h the formula: count(x, E') + α h(x) = (1) count(x, E) + kα where E' is the set of patterns selected for the class, and E is the set of all input data. So, we count how many times x is in the patterns selected for the class versus the total number of occurrences in the training data. Following Collins and Singer (1999), k = 2, because there are two partitions (relevant and irrelevant for the class). α = 0.1 is a smoothing parameter. In order to obtain input data, we replace all the near-synonyms in the text of the dictionary with the term near syn; then we chunk the text with Abney’s chunker (Abney 1996). The training set E is composed of all the verb phrases, noun phrases, adjectival phrases, and adverbial phrases (denoted vx, nx, ax, rx, respectively) that occur more 230 Inkpen and Hirst A Lexical Knowledge Base of Near-Synonym Differences than t times in the text of the dictionary (where t = 3 in our experiments). Phrases that occur very few times are not likely to be significant patterns and eliminating them makes the process faster (fewer iterations are needed). We apply the DL algorithm for each of the classes DENOTATIONAL DISTINCTIONS and ATTITUDE-STYLE DISTINCTIONS. The input to the a
 linear precedence. para(PP) ≈ P(vcopula ≺ PP) (4) Deverbal Nouns. This diagnostic is based on the observation that PPs following a deverbal noun are likely to be arguments, as the noun shares the argument structure of the verb.2 Proper counting of this feature requires identifying a deverbal noun in the head noun position of a noun phrase. We identify deverbal nouns by inspecting their morphology (Quirk et al. 1985). Specifically, the suffixes that can combine 2 Doubts have been cast on the validity of this diagnostic (Sch¨utze 1995), based on work in theoretical linguistics (Grimshaw 1990). Argaman and Pearlmutter (2002), however, have shown that the argument structures of verbs and related nouns are highly correlated. Hence, we keep deverbal noun as a valid diagnostic here, although we show later that it is not very effective. 347 Computational Linguistics Volume 32, Number 3 with verb bases to form deverbal nouns are listed and exemplified in Figure 1 on page 348. This diagnostic can be captured by a probability indicator function, which assigns probability 1 of being an argument to PPs following a deverbal noun and 0 otherwise. � deverb PP — 1 if deverbal n ≺ PP 5 ( ) 0 otherwise ( ) In conclusion, the dia
al Linguistics Volume 33, Number 1 statistical techniques to overcome the brittleness often associated with knowledgebased approaches? We explore these interesting research questions in the domain of medicine, focusing on the information needs of physicians in clinical settings. This domain is well-suited for exploring the posed research questions for several reasons. First, substantial understanding of the domain has already been codified in the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS) (Lindberg, Humphreys, and McCray 1993). Second, software for utilizing this ontology already exists: MetaMap (Aronson 2001) identifies concepts in free text, and SemRep (Rindflesch and Fiszman 2003) extracts relations between the concepts. Both systems utilize and propagate semantic information from UMLS knowledge sources: the Metathesaurus, the Semantic Network, and the SPECIALIST lexicon. The 2004 version of the UMLS Metathesaurus (used in this work) contains information about over 1 million biomedical concepts and 5 million concept names from more than 100 controlled vocabularies. The Semantic Network provides a consistent categorization of all concepts represented in the UMLS Metathesaurus. Third, the paradigm
score for all the PARC dependencies. The XLE system achieves an f-score of 74.31%, 6.24 percentage points lower than the score for all the PARC dependencies and a 3.09 percentage point drop against the results obtained by the Bikel-retrained treebank-based LFG resources. The performance of the Bikel retrained– based LFG system suffers less than the XLE system when preds-only dependencies are evaluated. It is important to note that in our f-structure annotation algorithm and treebankbased LFG parsing architectures, we do not claim to provide fully adequate statistical models. It is well known (Abney 1997) that PCFG- or history-based parser approximations to general constraint-based grammars can yield inconsistent probability models 29 We do not include a p-value here as the breakdown by function per sentence was not available to us for the XLE data. 30 The dependency relations we include in preds-only evaluation are: ADJUNCT, AQUANT, COMP, CONJ, COORD FORM, DET FORM, FOCUS INT, MOD, NUMBER, OBJ, OBJ THETA, OBL, OBL AG, OBL COMPAR, POSS, PRON INT, PRON REL, PRT FORM, QUANT, SUBJ, SUBORD FORM, TOPIC REL, XCOMP. 116 Cahill et al. Statistical Parsing Using Automatic Dependency Structures due to lo
the February 2004 data. For the February 2004 data, we used the standard split into training, development, and test sets—the annotations from sections 02–21 formed the training set, section 24 the development, and section 23 the test set. The set of argument labels considered is the set of core argument labels (ARG0 through ARG5) plus the modifier labels (see Figure 1). The training set contained 85,392 propositions, the test set 4,615, and the development set 2,626. We evaluate semantic role labeling models on gold-standard parse trees and parse trees produced by Charniak’s automatic parser (Charniak 2000). For gold-standard parse trees, we preprocess the trees to discard empty constituents and strip functional tags. Using the trace information provided by empty constituents is very useful for improving performance (Palmer, Gildea, and Kingsbury 2005; Pradhan, Ward et al. 2005), but we have not used this information so that we can compare our results to previous work and since automatic systems that recover it are not widely available. 3.2 Evaluation Measures Since 2004, there has been a precise, standard evaluation measure for semantic role labeling, formulated by the organizers of the CoNLL s
l et al. 2001; Cheng 2002; Lapata * Computer Laboratory, William Gates Building, Cambridge CB3 0FD, UK. Nikiforos.Karamanis@cl.cam.ac.uk. ** Department of Computing Science, King’s College, Aberdeen AB24 3UE, UK. t Department of Computer Science, Wivenhoe Park, Colchester CO4 3SQ, UK. t School of Informatics, 2 Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK. Submission received: 15 May 2006; revised submission received: 15 December 2007; accepted for publication: 7 January 2008. © 2008 Association for Computational Linguistics Computational Linguistics Volume 35, Number 1 2003; Barzilay and Lee 2004; Barzilay and Lapata 2005, among others). Although these approaches often make use of heuristics related to centering, the features of entity coherence they employ are usually defined informally. Additionally, centering-related features are combined with other coherence-inducing factors in ways that are based mainly on intuition, leaving many equally plausible options unexplored. Thus, the answers to the following questions remain unclear: (i) How appropriate is centering for information ordering in text generation? (ii) Which aspects of centering are most useful for this purpose? These are the issues we investigate i
y in active form; rather, we include voice (passive or active) as an important part of the syntactic pattern of an idiomatic combination. 68 Fazly, Cook, and Stevenson Unsupervised Idiom Identification important to note that the nature of the determiner is also affected by other factors, such as the semantic properties of the noun. For this reason, determiner flexibility is sometimes argued not to be a good predictor of the overall syntactic flexibility of an expression. Nonetheless, many researchers consider it as an important part in the process of idiomatization of a verb+noun combination (Akimoto 1999; Kyt¨o 1999; Tanabe 1999). We thus expect a VNIC to mainly appear with one type of determiner. Pluralization. Although the verb constituent of a VNIC is morphologically flexible, the morphological flexibility of the noun relates to its referential status (Grant 2005). Again, one should note that the use of a singular or plural noun in a VNIC may also be affected by the semantic properties of the noun. Recall that during the idiomatization process, the noun constituent may become more abstract in meaning. In this process, the noun may lose some of its nominal features, including number (Akimot
to strongly match a previous request or response e-mail (Doc-Ret), or requests contain terms that are predictive of complete template response e-mails (Doc-Pred). 4 We used a binary representation, rather than a representation based on TF.IDF scores, because important domain-related words, such as monitor and network, are actually quite frequent. Thus, their low TF.IDF score may have an adverse influence on clustering performance. Nonetheless, in the future, it may be worth investigating a TF.IDF-based representation. 5 Significant bigrams are obtained using the n-gram statistics package NSP (Banerjee and Pedersen 2003), which offers statistical tests to decide whether to accept or reject the null hypothesis regarding a bigram (that it is not a collocation). 603 Computational Linguistics Volume 35, Number 4 As discussed in Section 2, there are situations that cannot be addressed by a document-level approach, because requests only predict or match portions of responses. An alternative approach is to look for promising sentences from one or more previous responses, and collate them into a new response. This task can be cast as extractive multi-document summarization. Unlike a document reuse approach, sentence-
formation Science, 3330 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6389. E-mail: taskar@cis.upenn.edu. Submission received:1 August 2009; revised submission received: 24 December 2009; accepted for publication: 10 March 2010. © 2010 Association for Computational Linguistics Computational Linguistics Volume 36, Number 3 MT system combination (Matusov, Ueffing, and Ney 2006). But their importance has grown far beyond machine translation: for instance, transferring annotations between languages (Yarowsky and Ngai 2001; Hwa et al. 2005; Ganchev, Gillenwater, and Taskar 2009); discovery of paraphrases (Bannard and Callison-Burch 2005); and joint unsupervised POS and parser induction across languages (Snyder and Barzilay 2008). IBM Models 1 and 2 and the HMM are simple and tractable probabilistic models, which produce the target sentence one target word at a time by choosing a source word and generating its translation. IBM Models 3, 4, and 5 attempt to capture fertility (the tendency of each source word to generate several target words), resulting in probabilistically deficient, intractable models that require local heuristic search and are difficult to implement and extend. Many researchers use the GIZA++ software package
 our baseline POS-tagger in Section 4 for automatic POS-tagging. The results of various models 5 http://nlp.cs.nyu.edu/evalb/. 143 Computational Linguistics Volume 37, Number 1 Table 22 Accuracies of various phrase-structure parsers on CTB2 with gold-standard POS-tags. Model LR LP F1 Bikel Thesis 80.9% 84.5% 82.7% Wang 2006 SVM 87.2% 88.3% 87.8% Wang 2006 Stacked 88.3% 88.1% 88.2% Our parser 89.4% 90.1% 89.8% See text for details. evaluated on sentences with less than 40 words and using gold-standard POS-tags are shown in Table 22. The rows represent the model from Bikel and Chiang (2000) and Bikel (2004), the SVM and ensemble models from Wang et al. (2006), and our parser, respectively. The accuracy of our parser is competitive using this test set. The results of various models using automatically assigned POS-tags are shown in Table 23. The rows in the table represent the models from Bikel and Chiang (2000), Levy and Manning (2003), Xiong et al. (2005), Bikel (2004), Chiang and Bikel (2002), the SVM model from Wang et al. (2006), the ensemble system from Wang et al. (2006), and the parser of this article, respectively. Our parser gave comparable accuracies to the SVM and ensemble models from
he predicate being analyzed and thus cannot be generalized to novel predicates. Additional information might be extracted from VerbNet, which groups related verbs together. Features from this resource might generalize better because they apply to entire sets of verbs (and verb-based nouns). Additionally, the model would benefit from a deeper understanding of the relationships that obtain between predicates in close textual proximity. Often, predicates themselves head arguments to other predicates, and, as a result, borrow arguments from those predicates following certain patterns. The work of Blanco and Moldovan (2011) addresses this issue directly with the use of composition rules. These rules would be helpful for implicit argument identification. Lastly, it should be noted that the prediction model described in this article is quite simple. Each candidate is independently classified as filling each missing argument position, and a heuristic post-processing step is performed to arrive at the final labeling. This approach ignores the joint behavior of semantic arguments. We have performed a preliminary investigation of joint implicit argument structures (Gerber, Chai, and Bart 2011); as described in that wo
best model on predicted input. We then modified the ElixirFMbased best model to use the enhanced DET2 feature. This variation yielded a similarly small gain, altogether less than 0.2% from its ElixirFM-free counterparts. 5.2 Functional Gender and Number Features, and the Rationality Feature The ElixirFM lexical resource used previously provided functional NUMBER feature values but no functional GENDER values, nor RAT (rationality, or humanness) values. To address this issue, we use a version of the PATB3 training and dev sets manually annotated with functional gender, number, and rationality (Alkuhlani and Habash 2011).18 This is the first resource providing all three features (ElixirFm only provides functional number, and to some extent functional gender). We conducted experiments with gold features to assess the potential of these features, and with predicted features, obtained from training a simple maximum likelihood estimation classifier on this resource (Alkuhlani and Habash 2012).19 The first part of Table 8 shows that the RAT (rationality) feature is very relevant (in gold), but suffers from low accuracy (no gains in machine-predicted input). The next two parts show the advantages of functional gend
ovide answer justification (Narayanan and Harabagiu 2004). The same idea of mapping event structures was used in a graph-matching approach for enhancing textual entailment (Haghighi, Ng, and Manning 2005). Event coreference information was also used for detecting contradictions in text (de Marneffe, Rafferty, and Manning 2008). Previous NLP approaches for solving event coreference relied on supervised learning methods that explore various linguistic properties in order to decide if a pair of event mentions is coreferential or not (Humphreys, Gaizauskas, and Azzam 1997; Bagga and Baldwin 1999; Ahn 2006; Chen and Ji 2009; Chen, Su, and Tan 2010b). In spite of being successful for a particular labeled corpus, in general, these pairwise models are dependent on the domain or language that they are trained on. For instance, in order to adapt a supervised system to run over a collection of documents written in a different language or belonging to a different domain of interest, at least a minimal annotation effort needs to be performed (Daum´e III 2007). Furthermore, because these models are dependent on local pairwise decisions, they are unable to capture a global event distribution at the topic
 hypothesis scores by size, so that hypotheses of different sizes can be fairly compared. We also find that, with this new approach, negative examples can be expanded during training and a single beam applied to the chart, resulting in a conceptually simpler and more effective training algorithm and decoder. 3. CCG-Based Word Ordering 3.1 The CCG Grammar We were motivated to use CCG as one of the grammar formalisms for our syntax-based realization system because of its successful application to a number of related tasks, such as wide-coverage parsing (Hockenmaier 2003; Clark and Curran 2007b; Auli and Lopez 2011), semantic parsing (Zettlemoyer and Collins 2005), wide-coverage semantic analysis (Bos et al. 2004), and generation itself (Espinosa, White, and Mehay 2008). The grammar formalism has been described in detail in those papers, and so here we provide only a short description. CCG (Steedman 2000) is a lexicalized grammar formalism that associates words with lexical categories. Lexical categories are detailed grammatical labels, typically expressing subcategorization information. During CCG parsing, and during our search procedure, categories are combined using CCG’s combinatory rules. For exampl
tions describe our implementation, which was used to investigate the viability of this approach and the performance it can achieve. Computational Linguistics, Volume 12, Number 1, January-March 1986 17 Pamela K. Fink and Alan W. Biermann The Correction of Ill-Formed Input 5 AN IMPLEMENTATION The usefulness of the methodology described above was tested in the implementation of a connected speech understanding system. An off-the-shelf speech recognition device, a Nippon Electric Corporation DP-200, was added to an existing natural language processing system, the Natural Language Computer (NLC) (Ballard 1979, Biermann and Ballard 1980). The expectation system provided the intermediate processing between the errorful output of the speech recognizer and the deep semantics of NLC. The resulting speech understanding system is called the Voice Natural Language Computer with Expectation (VNLCE, Fink 1983). [The current system should be distinguished from an earlier voice system (VNLC, Biermann et al. 1985), which had no expectation and which handled discrete speech where a 300 millisecond pause must follow each word.] It should be emphasized, of course, that the central issue here is the study of expec
ode system by different lexicographers. For example, when codes containing &quot;to be&quot; are elided they mostly occur as illustrated in Figure 4 above. However, sometimes this is represented as [L(to be)1,9]. Presumably this kind of inconsistency arose because one member of the team of lexicographers realised that this form of elision saved more space. This type of error and inconsistency arises because grammatical codes are constructed by hand and no automatic checking procedure is attempted (see Michiels, 1982, for further comment). One approach to this problem is that taken by the ASCOT project (Akkerman et al., 1985; Akkerman, 1986). In this project, a new lexicon is being manually derived from LDOCE. The coding system for the new lexicon is a slightly modified and simplified version of the LDOCE scheme, without any loss of generalisation and expressive power. More importantly, the assignment of codes for problematic or erroneously labelled words is being corrected in an attempt to make the resulting lexicon more appropriate for automated analysis. In the medium term this approach, though time consuming, will be of some utility for producing more reliable lexicons for natural language processing. 208 Com
d we found only 14 percent of the phrases to be discourse-determined. The identification of a preferred phrasing that is independent of discourse also aids us in identifying and characterizing the discourse features that impinge on prosodic phrasing. Several well-known discourse phenomena—coreference, contrast, and parallelism—affected the phrasing of the clause final prepositional phrases in our corpus. We are left with three or four unexplained cases that are suggestive of a discourse explanation. 2.1.3 PHONOLOGICAL LENGTH AND PROSODIC PHRASING The psycholinguistic studies of Martin (1970), Allen (1975), Hillinger et al. (1976), Grosjean et al. (1979), Dommergues and Grosjean (1983), and Gee and Grosjean (1983), responding to the idea of readjusted syntax as the source of prosodic phrasing, show that grammatical structure, even if readjusted, is not in itself a reliable predictor of prosodic phrasing: mismatches between syntax and prosody occur often and systematically, and can be related to specific nonsyntactic factors such as length and word frequency. For example, although prosodic boundaries between subject and verb do occur, there also exist prosodic patterns in which the boundary come
(Halliday and Hasan 1976, p. 329). Since techniques developed elsewhere may prove useful, at least for comparison, it is worth mentioning at this point that the proposed metarules are distant cousins of &quot;unique-name assumption&quot; (Genesereth and Nilsson 1987), &quot;domain closure assumption&quot; (ibid.), &quot;domain circumscription&quot; (cf. Etherington and Mercer 1987), and their kin. Similarly, the notion of R + M-abduction is spiritually related to the &quot;abductive inference&quot; of Reggia (1985), the &quot;diagnosis from first principles&quot; of Reiter (1987), &quot;explainability&quot; of Poole (1988), and the subset principle of Berwick (1986). But, obviously, trying to establish precise connections for the metarules or the provability and the R + M-abduction would go much beyond the scope of an argument for the correspondence of paragraphs and models. These connections are being examined elsewhere (Zadrozny forthcoming). 5.2 p-Models The construction of a model of a paragraph, a p-model, must be based on the information contained in the paragraph itself (the object theory) and in the referential level, while the metalevel restricts ways that the model can be constructed, or, in other words, provides criteria for choosing a most pl
n/machine interface using speech require an &quot;understanding&quot; of the intended message. In fact, to be truly effective, many potential applications demand that the system carry on a dialog with the user, using its knowledge base and information gleaned from previous sentences to achieve proper response generation. Current advances in research and development of spoken language systems2 can be found, for example, in the proceedings of the DARPA speech and natural language workshops, as well as in publications from participants of the ESPRIT SUNDIAL project. Representative systems are described in Boisen et al. (1989), De Mattia and Giachin (1989), Niedermair (1989), Niemann (1990), and Young (1989). * Spoken Language Systems Group, Laboratoiy for Computer Science, MIT, Cambridge MA 02139 f This research was supported by DARPA under Contract N00014-89+1332, monitored through the Office of Naval Research. 1 Speech understanding research flourished in the U.S. in the 1970s under DARPA sponsorship. While &quot;understanding&quot; was one of the original goals, none of the systems really placed any emphasis on this aspect of the problem. 2 We will use the term &quot;speech understanding systems&quot; and &quot;spoken language systems&quot;
ate encoding the finite-state automaton of Figure 16 is shown in Figure 18.28 We now have a first complete encoding of the lexical rules and their interaction represented as covariation in lexical entries. The encoding consists of three types of definite clause predicates: 1. Lexical rule predicates representing the lexical rules; 2. Frame predicates specifying the frame for the lexical rule predicates; and 3. Interaction predicates encoding lexical rule interaction for the natural classes of lexical entries in the lexicon. The way these predicates interconnect is represented in Figure 19. 27 Briscoe and Copestake (1996) argue that semi-productivity of lexical rules, which can be understood as a generalization of exceptions to lexical rules, can be integrated with our approach by assigning probabilities to the automaton associated with a particular lexical entry. 28 In order to distinguish the different interaction predicates for the different classes of lexical entries, the compiler indexes the names of the interaction predicates. Since for expository reasons we will only discuss one kind of lexical entry in this paper, we will not show those indices in the examples given. 557 Computational Linguistics Volum
t al. (2013), Bertoldi et al. (2014), Denkowski et al. (2014), Green et al. (2014), inter alia). We exclude dynamic phrase table extension, which has shown to be important in online learning for post-editing, in our theoretical analysis (Denkowski et al., 2014). Learning from weak feedback is related to binary response-based learning where a meaning representation is “tried out” by iteratively generating system outputs, receiving feedback from world interaction, and updating the model parameters. Such world interaction consists of database access in semantic parsing (Kwiatowski et al. (2013), Berant et al. (2013), or Goldwasser and Roth (2013), inter alia). Feedback in response-based learning is given by a user accepting or rejecting system predictions, but not by user corrections. Lastly, feedback in form of numerical utility values for actions is studied in the frameworks of reinforcement learning (Sutton and Barto, 1998) or in online learning with limited feedback, e.g., multi-armed bandit models (Cesa-Bianchi and Lugosi, 2006). Our framework replaces quantitative feedback with immediate qualitative feedback in form of a structured object that improves upon the utility of the prediction. 3 Coactive
performance for coreference. Our proposed H-Joint-M system achieves the highest performance. Parameters of our proposed system are tuned as a = 0.9, fl = 0.9, �1 = 0.25 and A2 = 0.2. erence model that we implemented, resulting in a traditional pipelined end-to-end coreference system, namely H-M-Coref. We name our new proposed end-to-end coreference resolution system incorporating both the mention head candidate generation module and the joint framework as H-Joint-M. Evaluation Metrics We compare all systems using three popular metrics for coreference resolution: MUC (Vilain et al., 1995), B3 (Bagga and Baldwin, 1998), and Entity-based CEAF (CEAFe) (Luo, 2005). We use the average F1 scores (AVG) of these three metrics as the main metric for comparison. We use the v7.0 scorer provided by CoNLL-2012 Shared Task11. We also evaluate the mention detection performance based on precision, recall and F1 score. As mention heads are important for both mention detection and coreference resolution, we also report results evaluated on mention heads. 4.2 Performance for Coreference Resolution Performance of coreference resolution for all systems on the ACE-2004 and CoNLL-2012 datasets is shown in Table 2 and Table 3 res
 tag dictionaries, a set of raw (unannotated) sentences, a development set, and a test set. We use the same splits as Garrette et al. (2014). Since these treebanks use special representations for conjunctions, we chose to rewrite the trees to use conjunction categories of the form (X\X)/X rather than introducing special conjunction rules. In order to increase the amount of raw data available to the sampler, we supplemented the English data with raw, unannotated newswire sentences from the NYT Gigaword 5 corpus (Parker et al., 2011) and supplemented Italian with the out-of-domain WaCky corpus (Baroni et al., 1999). For English and Italian, this allowed us to use 100k raw tokens for training (Chinese uses 62k). For Chinese and Italian, for training efficiency, we used only raw sentences that were 50 words or fewer (note that we did not drop tag dictionary set or test set sentences). The English development set was used to tune hyperparameters using grid search, and the same hyperparameters were then used for all three languages. For the category grammar, we used ppunc=0.1, pterm=0.7, pmod=0.2, pfwd=0.5. For the priors, we use αROOT=1, αBIN=100, αUN=100, αTERM=104, αλ=3, αLCTX=αRCTX=103.6 For the context
ying the generation input: How can a client application possibly know about the feature values it has to select in order to drive a surface realizer? The most prominent example of statistical NLG is NITROGEN, a sentence realizer designed for use in general-purpose machine translation (Langkilde and Knight, 1998). Further examples are the generation systems in (Ratnaparkhi, 2000) and (Bangalore and Rambow, 2000) as well as the use of statistical methods for more specific tasks, for example the ordering of NP premodifiers (Shaw and Hatzivassiloglou, 1999). Instance-based Learning methods (IBL) (Aha et al., 1991) differ from statistical methods in that they are lazy learning approaches: they store previously encountered instances in memory and use them directly to process new input, rather than abstracting them into some statistical distribution. IBL is known to be able to learn exceptions in data well and adapt to subregularities. Since this is highly desirable for natural language processing in general, instance-based methods have been used in NLP under various names (example-based, memory-based, case-based; see Daelemans (1999) for an overview). In this paper, we investigate the use of IBLmethods f
 how we annotated and analysed the NP modifiers in a corpus of museum descriptions to discover rules for the selection and realisation of such modifiers, in particular non-referring ones. We implemented the regularities into an extension of the ILEX system to generate complex NPs capable of serving multiple communicative goals. 1 Introduction and Motivation 1.1 Generating Complex NPs In addition to a referring function, noun phrases (NP) can also serve communicative goals such as providing new information about the referent and expressing the speaker's emotional attitude towards the referent (Appelt, 1985; Jordan, 2000). In Example (1) below, the part in italics refers to an object in a museum, and the part in boldface provides additional information about it. (1) This example from the time of the Qianlong Emperor 1736-95 is made of lacquered wood with decoration in gold and red. Such complex NPs appear frequently in human written texts. A natural language generation (NLG) system must be able to produce complex NPs serving multiple goals in order to write texts as humans do. We divide the components of an NP into two parts based on the different functions/communicative goals they serve: a refe
ceptualize its task as consisting of two distinct phases. In the first phase, the sentence-plan-generator 2The meaning of the human ratings and RankBoost scores in Figure 2 are discussed below. (SPG) generates a potentially large sample of possible sentence plans for a given text-plan input. In the second phase, the sentence-plan-ranker (SPR) ranks the sample sentence plans, and then selects the top-ranked output to input to the surface realizer. Our primary contribution is a method for training the SPR. The SPR uses rules automatically learned from training data, using techniques similar to (Collins, 2000; Freund et al., 1998). Our method for training a sentence planner is unique in neither depending on hand-crafted rules, nor on the existence of a text or speech corpus in the domain of the sentence planner obtained from the interaction of a human with a system or another human. We show that the trained SPR learns to select a sentence plan whose rating on average is only 5% worse than the top human-ranked sentence plan. In the remainder of the paper, section 2 describes the sentence planning task in more detail. We then describe the sentence plan generator (SPG) in section 3, the sentence plan
active because they often capture the linguistic features of a corpus in a small and concise set of rules. Transformation-based learning (TBL) (Brill, 1995) is one of the most successful rule-based machine learning algorithms. It is a flexible method which is easily extended to various tasks and domains, and it has been applied to a wide variety of NLP tasks, including part of speech tagging (Brill, 1995), noun phrase chunking (Ramshaw and Marcus, 1999), parsing (Brill, 1996), phrase chunking (Florian et al., 2000), spelling correction (Mangu and Brill, 1997), prepositional phrase attachment (Brill and Resnik, 1994), dialog act tagging (Samuel et al., 1998), segmentation and message understanding (Day et al., 1997). Furthermore, transformationbased learning achieves state-of-the-art performance on several tasks, and is fairly resistant to overtraining (Ramshaw and Marcus, 1994). Despite its attractive features as a machine learning algorithm, TBL does have a serious drawback in its lengthy training time, especially on the larger-sized corpora often used in NLP tasks. For example, a well-implemented transformation-based part-of-speech tagger will typically take over 38 hours to finish training on a 1 mill
In historical research regressive methods moving stepbystep back in time from a better known later situation were already applied by The English village community examined in its relations to the manorial and tribal systems and to the common or open field system of husbandry an essay in economic history  or by Bloch  for the reconstruction of medieval agrarian landscapes in France and have been used since then within historical researchTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
For example a new cutoff channel at the Donaukanal excavated in  and bridges built in  were later added so it could serve as the basis for proposed hydraulic constructions in  Die italienischen Begr nder der Wiener Donaukartographie Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
It can be considered as the first map of the Viennese riverscape which is depicted in a geographically largely correct manner Mohilla and Michlmayr Wien im Bild historischer Karten Die Entwicklung der Stadt bis in die Mitte des  Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
According to the hydraulic geometry approach introduced by The hydraulic geometry of stream channels and some physiographic implications  channel forms respond to changes in the flow regimeTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Historians ask for the motivation and interests that were important in the making using and keeping of their sources From memory to written record Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
In historical research regressive methods moving stepbystep back in time from a better known later situation were already applied by Seebohm  or by Les caract res originaux de l histoire rurale fran aise  for the reconstruction of medieval agrarian landscapes in France and have been used since then within historical research egTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
These include amongst others the BaltimoreChesapeake region Methods for spatial and temporal land use and land cover assessment for urban ecosystems and application in the greater Baltimore Chesapeake region et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Schuppert and Dix  the Tisza River in Hungary Hegeds and Duray  and several Austrian villages and rivers Landschaft hat Geschichte Historische Entwicklung von Umwelt und Gesellschaft in Theyern Haidvogl Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
In recent years GIS based studies of historical fluvial morphology were conducted over the long term to reveal the causes of past channel changes and floodplain degradation  Channel planform change on the River Dee meanders et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
True to its title the plan shows the city with its fortifications and with the growing suburbs which at that time had already spread into the riverine landscapenamely the Leopoldstadt on the large island confined by the Danube and the Donaukanal here called the Neuer Canal Urban land for a growing city at the banks of a moving river Vienna s spread into the Danube island Unterer Werd from the late th to the beginning of the th century et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
The major channel shifts at the Viennese Danube therefore have to be interpreted against the background of the Grindelwald Fluctuation the first extreme phase of the Little Ice Age from the s to the s  Pfister Pfister  Climatic change and witch hunting the impact of the Little Ice Age on mentalities Hohensinner et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Based on this survey we generated a digital terrain model in  that served as a main basis for the reconstruction works in the current study Historische Hydromorphologie und Gel ndetopografie der Wiener Donau Auen Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Annual erosion rates ranged from   of the floodplain terrain in the Lobau directly downstream from Vienna to   in the more dynamic Danube sections such as the Machland  km upstream from Vienna  Hydromorphological characteristics of the Danube River the historical perspectiveTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
The BlandAltman method provides insight into the distribution of differences in relation to mean values When to use agreement versus reliability measuresReproducibility of tender point examination in chronic low back pain patients as measured by intrarater and interrater reliability and agreement a validation study
However SDD ranged from  to  indicating less precision of TP examination than reliability Pressure pain threshold in pain free subjects in patients with chronic regional pain syndromes and in patients with fibromyalgia syndromeReproducibility of tender point examination in chronic low back pain patients as measured by intrarater and interrater reliability and agreement a validation study
 the evidence for individual ants making direct comparisons between nests during colony emigration is weak Do ants make direct comparisons  and furthermore ant colonies are able to choose a distant good nest over a nearby poor nest when recruitment latency differences would be expected to be cancelled out by travel time FigA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Three possible mechanisms by which the colony collectively chooses the better of two nests have been proposed i comparison ii recruitment latency iii threshold ruleFirst ants could use a comparison strategy in which ants that have visited both nests would compare their qualities and recruit nestmates only to the better one Individual and collective decisionmaking during nest site selection by the ant Leptothorax albipennisA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
rugatulus ant workers are capable of comparing the attributes of nestsites which are very close together Emergence of group rationality from irrational individuals A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
A combination of these two mechanisms has been used as the basis of several decision models An agent based model of collective nest site choice by the ant Temnothorax albipennisA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Emigrating social insects are a good model system for the study of collective decisionmaking because all members share the aim of coming to a consensus about a new good nest site as soon as possible but the information about available site quality is distributed very unevenly within the colony Strategies for choosing between alternatives with different attributes exemplified by househunting antsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
One simple but effective strategy is sequential search in which the animal keeps searching until it finds an option that exceeds a threshold of acceptability Darwin s Tug of War vs Starlings Horse Racing how adaptations for sequential encounters drive simultaneous choiceA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
When the number of ants at a site reaches a quorum threshold the ants switch to rapid transport behaviour to carry the brood queen and remaining nestmates to the new nest Quorum sensing recruitment and collective decision making during colony emigration by the ant Leptothorax albipennisA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
In contrast bees use a graded process whereby scouts initially discovering a new nestsite almost always recruit  but the duration and rate of the recruiting waggledances are dependent on nest quality Nest site selection in honeybees how well do swarms implement the best of N decision rule A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
This kind of fixedthreshold strategy is used in foraging How western scrub jays Aphelocoma californica select a nut effects of the number of options variation in nut size and social competition among foragers mate choice  and refuge selection A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Direct comparison of alternatives is seen in a range of animals and contexts including foraging in scrub jays and humans  mate choice in bowerbirds and danceflies Why do males of the dance fly Empis borealis refuse to mate The importance of female age and size and shell assessment by hermit crabs A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Qualitydependent recruitment latency has been demonstrated empirically only when colonies were presented with a single new nest and were not required to make a choice Behavioral mechanisms of collective nest site choice by the ant Temnothorax curvispinosusA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
In traillaying ants and bees pheromone trails to better foraging sites are more strongly reinforced and this again leads to a collective choice without any necessity for individuals to visit multiple sites Modulation of trail laying in the ant Lasius niger Hymenoptera Formicidae and its role in the collective selection of a food sourceA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Ant colonies discriminate between nest sites on the basis of a range of attributes including cavity dimensions light level and entrance width Not everything that counts can be counted ants use multiple metrics for a single nest traitA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Recruitment is the most easily identifiable action indicating commitment but ants that have accepted a nest may also act on their commitment by making repeat visits to the nest Ants estimate area using Buffon s needleA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
When making a shared collective decision a group faces the challenges of integrating information from multiple individuals and managing the different decisionpreferences of group members Consensus decision making in animalsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Foraging honeybees do not compare food sources Collective decision making in honey bees how colonies choose among nectar sources nor do they compare the waggledances of recruiters at the hive A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Sampling periods can be costly  and pose the mathematically complex problem of deciding how long to sample for before starting the decision process From Pride and Prejudice to Persuasion Satisficing in Mate SearchA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Direct comparison of alternatives is seen in a range of animals and contexts including foraging in scrub jays and humans  mate choice in bowerbirds and danceflies  and shell assessment by hermit crabs Shell wars assessment strategies and the timing of decisions in hermit crab shell fightsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
However small insects including bees are competent at related cognitive processes including contextual learning discrimination between stimuli and associative recall Are bigger brains better A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Male danceflies compare the size of potential mates before choosing  and there is evidence to suggest that honeybee workers are capable of comparative evaluation of flowers Intransitivity of performance in honey bees support for comparative evaluation of foraging options A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
rugatulus colonies seem to be immune to irrational distractor effects from irrelevant alternatives Rationality in collective decision making by ant coloniesA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Similarly intracolony variation in task response thresholds promotes effective division of labour in social insect colonies with more individuals engaging in a particular task when the stimulus for that task increases Genetic structure and division of labor in honeybee societiesA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Similarly intracolony variation in task response thresholds promotes effective division of labour in social insect colonies with more individuals engaging in a particular task when the stimulus for that task increases Modulation of alarm pheromone perception in the honey bee evidence for division of labor based on hormonally regulated response thresholdsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Similarly intracolony variation in task response thresholds promotes effective division of labour in social insect colonies with more individuals engaging in a particular task when the stimulus for that task increases Models of division of labor in insect societiesA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Our model assumes that individual thresholds are fixed over the timescale of the emigration process however further flexibility would be available if acceptance thresholds were updated based on experience over the course of an individuals lifetime The effect of prior experience on nest site evaluation by the ant Temnothorax curvispinosusA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Flexible task thresholds promote flexible division of labour in social insect colonies Individual experience alone can generate lasting division of labor in antsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
In traillaying ants and bees pheromone trails to better foraging sites are more strongly reinforced and this again leads to a collective choice without any necessity for individuals to visit multiple sites Collective foraging in a stingless bee dependence on food profitability and sequence of discoveryA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Searching for alternatives has a more prominent role in later versions of the recruitment latency model  making it more similar to our threshold model however the idea of simple qualitydependent recruitment latencies functioning as a choice mechanism still appears often in discussions of collective decisionmaking Group decision making in nest site selection among social insectsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Foragers can also directly inhibit recruitment if they perceive danger at a particular food source by the use of stopsignals directed at bees recruiting to that source A negative feedback signal that Is triggered by peril curbs honey bee recruitmentA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Rather multiple sites compete for foragers with bees foraging more persistently at high quality sites and recruiting to them more energetically Dancing bees tune both duration and rate of waggle run production in relation to nectar source profitabilityA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Two nests had clear acetate lids and one had a red filter covering the cavity area making the nest appear relatively dark to the ants The evolution of color vision in insectsA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Bestofn comparison mechanisms are characterised by a sampling period and preferential return to the best option A Comparative Bayes tactic for mate assessment and choiceA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
This strategy can be shown to provide the optimal solution to the secretary problem a sequential search problem in which previously encountered options are subsequently unavailable The Secretary Problem and Its Extensions A ReviewA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Searching for alternatives has a more prominent role in later versions of the recruitment latency model  making it more similar to our threshold model however the idea of simple qualitydependent recruitment latencies functioning as a choice mechanism still appears often in discussions of collective decisionmaking Modeling and analysis of nest site selection by honeybee swarms the speed and accuracy trade offA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Like ant colonies bee swarms are able to choose between different nest sites and individual bees do not need to have visited multiple sites for the swarm to be able to choose between them Collective decisions and cognition in beesA Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
In contrast bees use a graded process whereby scouts initially discovering a new nestsite almost always recruit Sensory coding of nest site value in honeybee swarms but the duration and rate of the recruiting waggledances are dependent on nest quality A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
Foraging honeybees do not compare food sources  nor do they compare the waggledances of recruiters at the hive Tactics of dance choice in honey bees do foragers compare dances A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
during foraging there can be substantial time costs to making accurate decisions When good enough is best and these costs can be so great as to make quicker less accurate decisions more efficient A Simple Threshold Rule Is Sufficient to Explain Sophisticated Collective DecisionMaking
At the time of writing only the results for the PHC trial have been published Effectiveness of screening and brief alcohol intervention in primary care SIPS trial pragmatic cluster randomised controlled trial and the other two trials will not be covered hereInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
In a review of such trials it was calculated that control group participants wwwfrontiersinorg reduce their drinking by approximately  Change over time in alcohol consumption in control groups in brief intervention studies systematic review and meta regression studyInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
Just one example comes from Pulse a magazine for health professionals and which claims to be at the heart of general practice since  Patients leaflet enough to tackle problem drinking researchers suggestInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
It is well known that there have been considerable difficulties in persuading GPs nurses and other healthcare professionals to implement ABI routinely in their practices there is a copious literature on this problem Strategies to implement alcohol screening and brief intervention in primary care settings a structured literature review and how it may be redressed Interpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
Opponents of NHST would no doubt attribute the misunderstandings of null findings that we will shortly consider to basic flaws in the logic of NHST Eight common but false objections to the discontinuation of significance testing in the analysis of research dataInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
Opponents of NHST would no doubt attribute the misunderstandings of null findings that we will shortly consider to basic flaws in the logic of NHST Beyond Significance Testing Reforming Data Analysis Methods in Behavioral ResearchInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
In surveys of health professionals attitudes to this work one of the most commonly encountered obstacles is lack of time or too busy Obstacles to carrying out brief intervention for heavy drinkers in primary health care a focus group studyInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
In surveys of health professionals attitudes to this work one of the most commonly encountered obstacles is lack of time or too busy Intervention against excessive alcohol consumption in primary health care a survey of GPs attitudes and practices in England  years onInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
It could be for example that the interventions although shown to be efficacious in randomized controlled trials conducted in ideal research conditions are not effective in more realworld conditions of routine practice SIPS trial findings most consistent with a lack of effectiveness of brief intervention in real clinical practice letter  because they have not been faithfully implemented by the practitioners taking part in the trial  or because of some other difference between realworld conditions and the ideal research conditions in which efficacy was demonstratedInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
REGRESSION TO THE MEAN This must be one of the most misunderstood concepts in health care science Effect of regression to the mean on decision making in health careInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
It is also possible that the Bayes Factor could provide evidence for the alternative hypothesis and allow the conclusion that the intervention was effective when the conventional NHST approach had not been able to reject the null hypothesis Using Bayes to get the most out of non significant resultsInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
This is not the place to attempt a complete description of Bayesian statistics but good introductions are available Rule A Tutorial Introduction to Bayesian Analysis including one by Dienes  comparing the Bayesian approach to statistical inference by the orthodox approachSuffice it to say here that Bayesian statistics is founded on a completely different philosophical understanding of probability from conventional NHST statisticsInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
This is not the place to attempt a complete description of Bayesian statistics but good introductions are available Bayesian Statistics An Introduction including one by Dienes  comparing the Bayesian approach to statistical inference by the orthodox approachSuffice it to say here that Bayesian statistics is founded on a completely different philosophical understanding of probability from conventional NHST statisticsInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
The possible effects of regression to the mean on control group participants in brief intervention trials were studied empirically by McCambridge and colleagues Regression to the mean and alcohol consumption a cohort study exploring implications for the interpretation of change in control groups in brief intervention trialsInterpreting Null Findings from Trials of Alcohol Brief Interventions
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel  although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial CYPC genotype clopidogrel metabolism platelet function and cardiovascular events a systematic review and meta analysis and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
PPIs are metabolized primarily via the CYPC and CYPA isoenzymes  and are competitive inhibitors of CYPC activity Comparison of inhibitory effects of the proton pump inhibiting drugs omeprazole esomeprazole lansoprazole pantoprazole and rabeprazole on human cytochrome P activitiesEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
This does not seem to be the case at least not to the same extent with pantoprazole Differential effects of omeprazole and pantoprazole on the pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy subjects randomized placebo controlled crossover comparison studies and rabeprazole Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Among them CYPC a CYP enzyme whose activity is determined genetically contributes predominantly to this bioactivation Identification of the human cytochrome P enzymes involved in the two oxidative steps in the bioactivation of clopidogrel to its pharmacologically active metabolite and modulates the antiplatelet and therapeutic response to clopidogrelEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
This test also referred to as the VASP index specifically assesses the activity of the PY receptor  the target of clopidogrel antiplatelet action and is widely used for monitoring the responsiveness to clopidogrel Consensus and future directions on the definition of high on treatment platelet reactivity to adenosine diphosphateEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Among them CYPC a CYP enzyme whose activity is determined genetically contributes predominantly to this bioactivation Cytochrome P C loss offunction polymorphism is a major determinant of clopidogrel responsiveness in healthy subjects and modulates the antiplatelet and therapeutic response to clopidogrelEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
This test also referred to as the VASP index specifically assesses the activity of the PY receptor Which platelet function test is suitable to monitor clopidogrel responsiveness A pharmacokinetic analysis on the active metabolite of clopidogrel the target of clopidogrel antiplatelet action and is widely used for monitoring the responsiveness to clopidogrel Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel  although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial Drug regulatory agencies role in the interaction between clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Protonpump inhibitors PPIs are recommended in patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy who are at high risk of gastrointestinal bleeding Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Several studies have suggested that omeprazole interacts with clopidogrel efficacy by inhibiting the formation of its active metabolite via CYPC inhibition Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Concerns about PPI and clopidogrel interaction were raised when omeprazole was found to inhibit the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in an in vivo study of  patients undergoing elective coronary stent implantation Influence of omeprazole on the antiplatelet action of clopidogrel associated with aspirin the randomized double blind OCLA omeprazole clopidogrel aspirin studyEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Statistical analyses Sample size was calculated with the assumption that approximately  of subjects would be good antiplatelet responders defined as subjects in whom the VASP index on study day  relative to study day  would decrease by   with an expected intrasubject standard deviation of differences in PRI of   High on treatment platelet reactivity assessed by various platelet function tests is the consensus defined cut off of VASP P platelet reactivity index too low  or a PRI value at day  below a cutoff value of  as recently proposed for clopidogrel  mg daily maintenance doseEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
This test also referred to as the VASP index specifically assesses the activity of the PY receptor  the target of clopidogrel antiplatelet action and is widely used for monitoring the responsiveness to clopidogrel Relation between clopidogrel active metabolite levels and different platelet aggregation methods in patients receiving clopidogrel and aspirinEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
The molar omeprazolehydroxyomeprazole metabolic ratio in plasma samples at  hours was calculated as an index of CYPC activity The Karolinska cocktail for phenotyping of five human cytochrome P enzymesEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
The molar omeprazolehydroxyomeprazole metabolic ratio in plasma samples at  hours was calculated as an index of CYPC activity Use of omeprazole as a probe drug for CYPC phenotype in Swedish Caucasians comparison with S mephenytoin hydroxylation phenotype and CYPC genotypeEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Statistical analysesSample size was calculated with the assumption that approximately  of subjects would be good antiplatelet responders defined as subjects in whom the VASP index on study day  relative to study day  would decrease by   with an expected intrasubject standard deviation of differences in PRI of    or a PRI value at day  below a cutoff value of  as recently proposed for clopidogrel  mg daily maintenance dose Effect of an increased clopidogrel maintenance dose or lansoprazole coadministration on the antiplatelet response to clopidogrel in CYPC genotyped healthy subjectsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Background Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with a significant reduction in cardiovascular ischemic events after acute coronary syndromes or percutaneous coronary interventions and is recommended in guidelines from the USA AHA ACCF secondary prevention and risk reduction therapy for patients with coronary and other atherosclerotic vascular disease and Europe Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
The VASP index is considered as a specific test for evaluating PY inhibition while lighttransmission aggregometry is used to predict outcome during dual  antiplatelet therapy although both tests have a predictive value High on treatment platelet reactivity to both aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with the highest risk of adverse events following percutaneous coronary interventionEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
However it was recently demonstrated that generation of clopidogrel active metabolite and inhibition of platelet function are reduced less by the coadministration of dexlansoprazole or lansoprazole with clopidogrel than by the coadministration of esomeprazole or omeprazole A randomized  period crossover design study to assess the effects of dexlansoprazole lansoprazole esomeprazole and omeprazole on the steady state pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteersEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Rabeprazole is mainly metabolized by nonenzymatic reduction to rabeprazole thioether  and is a less potent inhibitor of CYPC than omeprazole Comparison of the kinetic disposition and metabolism of E a new proton pump inhibitor and omeprazole in relation to S mephenytoin  hydroxylation statusEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Rabeprazole is mainly metabolized by nonenzymatic reduction to rabeprazole thioether  and is a less potent inhibitor of CYPC than omeprazole Drug drug interaction between clopidogrel and the proton pump inhibitorsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Rabeprazole is mainly metabolized by nonenzymatic reduction to rabeprazole thioether  and is a less potent inhibitor of CYPC than omeprazole Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
In the target population clopidogrel is usually prescribed with aspirin and it has been suggested that inhibition of antiplatelet effect may result from an interaction of PPIs with aspirin absorption The antiplatelet effect of aspirin is reduced by proton pump inhibitors in patients with coronary artery disease independent of the interaction with clopidogrel Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
In the target population clopidogrel is usually prescribed with aspirin and it has been suggested that inhibition of antiplatelet effect may result from an interaction of PPIs with aspirin absorption  independent of the interaction with clopidogrel Proton pump inhibitor and clopidogrel interaction have we forgotten aspirin Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
In the target population clopidogrel is usually prescribed with aspirin and it has been suggested that inhibition of antiplatelet effect may result from an interaction of PPIs with aspirin absorption  independent of the interaction with clopidogrel Proton pump inhibitors are associated with increased cardiovascular risk independent of clopidogrel use a nationwide cohort studyEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
In the target population clopidogrel is usually prescribed with aspirin and it has been suggested that inhibition of antiplatelet effect may result from an interaction of PPIs with aspirin absorption Proton pump inhibitor use and risk of adverse cardiovascular events in aspirin treated patients with first time myocardial infarction nationwide propensity score matched study independent of the interaction with clopidogrel Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
To our knowledge only one study has compared the effects of omeprazole and rabeprazole on the antiplatelet action of clopidogrel in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy Comparison between the effect of omeprazole and rabeprazole on the antiplatelet action of clopidogrelEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
The VASP index is considered as a specific test for evaluating PY inhibition while lighttransmission aggregometry is used to predict outcome during dual  antiplatelet therapy although both tests have a predictive value Comparison of platelet function tests in predicting clinical outcome in patients undergoing coronary stent implantationEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Clinical outcomes in patients with the concomitant use of clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors after percutaneous coronary intervention an analysis from the Guthrie Health Off Label Stent GHOST investigatorsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Impact of proton pump inhibitors on the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrelEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Clopidogrel with or without omeprazole in coronary artery diseaseEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel Impact of genetic and acquired alteration in cytochrome P system on pharmacologic and clinical response to clopidogrel although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial  and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel Predicting clopidogrel response using DNA samples linked to an electronic health record although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial  and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel  although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial Impact of CYPC variant genotypes on clinical efficacy of antiplatelet treatment with clopidogrel systematic review and meta analysis and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel  although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial Concomitant use of clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors is not associated with major adverse cardiovascular events following coronary stent implantation and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Patients with loss of function polymorphism in the CYPC gene are less responsive to clopidogrel  although the importance of this phenomenon remains controversial  and may be limited to the risk of stent thrombosis Meta analyses of the association between cytochrome CYPC loss and gainof function polymorphisms and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease treated with clopidogrelEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Protonpump inhibitors PPIs are recommended in patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy who are at high risk of gastrointestinal bleeding Clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors influence of pharmacological interactions on clinical outcomes and mechanistic explanationsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
pylori eradication rates Influence of CYPC pharmacogenetic polymorphism on proton pump inhibitorbased therapies and the potency of inhibition of CYPC activity  vary among different PPIsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
CYPC activity appears to affect the response to omeprazole esomeprazole and lansoprazole CYPC genotype and pharmacokinetics of three proton pump inhibitors in healthy subjects and to be inhibited by these PPIs Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
CYPC activity appears to affect the response to omeprazole esomeprazole and lansoprazole CYPC polymorphism and proton pump inhibitors and to be inhibited by these PPIs Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
CYPC activity appears to affect the response to omeprazole esomeprazole and lansoprazole Randomized double blind placebo controlled crossover study to determine the effects of esomeprazole on inhibition of platelet function by clopidogrel and to be inhibited by these PPIsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
This does not seem to be the case at least not to the same extent with pantoprazole  and rabeprazole Effect of CYPC genetic polymorphisms on the efficacy of proton pump inhibitor based triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication a metaanalysisEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Clopidogrel and interaction with proton pump inhibitors comparison between cohort and within person study designsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
BackgroundDual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with a significant reduction in cardiovascular ischemic events after acute coronary syndromes or percutaneous coronary interventions and is recommended in guidelines from the USA  and Europe Guidelines for the management of acute coronary syndromes in patients presenting without persistent ST segment elevation the task force for the management of acute coronary syndromes ACS in patients presenting without persistent ST segment elevation of the European Society of Cardiology ESC Effects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Relationship between cardiovascular outcomes and proton pump inhibitor use in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy after acute coronary syndromeEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
Whether this occurs with all PPIs or is even of significant amplitude with omeprazole remains a matter of debate Expert Consensus Document on the concomitant use of proton pump inhibitors and thienopyridines a focused update of the ACCF ACG AHA  expert consensus document on reducing the gastrointestinal risks of antiplatelet therapy and NSAID use a report of the American College of Cardiology Foundation Task Force on Expert Consensus DocumentsEffects of rabeprazole on the antiplatelet effects and pharmacokinetics of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers
The striatum is known to be important in relaying prediction error signals to primary regions of cortex Model Based Influences on Humans Choices and Striatal Prediction Errors et al  and might play this role in perceptual decision making  Forstmann et al  though see also Boekel et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Recent fMRI work has demonstrated that the regions interact with visual areas involved in processing motion to resolve bistable motion percepts and the strengths of connections are able to predict individual alternation rates accurately  Brain activity dynamics in human parietal regions during spontaneous switches in bistable perception et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Carefully controlling for the character of perceptual transitions has been shown to dramatically reduce the number of brain regions that are viable candidates for determining alternations The Role of Frontal and Parietal Brain Areas in Bistable Perception et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
frontoparietal cortex Kleinschmidt et al Lumer and Rees A neural basis for inference in perceptual ambiguity Weilnhammer et al  correlates with perception does not reveal whether that region drives the alternations or reflects a consequence of processes occurring elsewhereBrain networks underlying bistable perception
Application of TMS to the anterior region of the superior parietal lobule aSPL in the right hemisphere causes binocular rivalry and bistable motion alternations to speed up  Carmel et al Structural and functional fractionation of right superior parietal cortex in bistable perception et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
By contrast a more posterior region of the same structure pSPL slows down the alternations of a bistable structure from motion stimulus when targeted with TMS  Human Parietal Cortex Structure Predicts Individual Differences in Perceptual Rivalry et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
frontoparietal cortex Kleinschmidt et al Covariation of activity in visual and prefrontal cortex associated with subjective visual perception and Rees Sterzer and Kleinschmidt Weilnhammer et al  correlates with perception does not reveal whether that region drives the alternations or reflects a consequence of processes occurring elsewhereBrain networks underlying bistable perception
The striatum is known to be important in relaying prediction error signals to primary regions of cortex Daw et al  and might play this role in perceptual decision making  Cortico striatal connections predict control over speed and accuracy in perceptual decision making et al  though see also Boekel et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
frontoparietal cortex Human brain activity during spontaneously reversing perception of ambiguous figures et al Lumer and Rees Sterzer and Human brain activity during spontaneously reversing perception of ambiguous figures Weilnhammer et al  correlates with perception does not reveal whether that region drives the alternations or reflects a consequence of processes occurring elsewhereBrain networks underlying bistable perception
frontoparietal cortex Kleinschmidt et al Lumer and Rees Sterzer and Kleinschmidt Frontoparietal cortex mediates perceptual transitions in bistable perception et al  correlates with perception does not reveal whether that region drives the alternations or reflects a consequence of processes occurring elsewhereBrain networks underlying bistable perception
This brain region is important in visual aspects of semantics  The medial temporal lobe et al Visser et al  and activity there is suppressed when an image is rendered invisible by rivalry suppression Fang and He Brain networks underlying bistable perception
The ITG constitutes the most anterior aspect of the ventral stream and is hypothesized to code relatively highlevel information about stable properties of a stimulus specifically in the visual modality  The ventral visual pathway an expanded neural framework for the processing of object quality et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Neuroimaging has revealed that almost all functional networks that support aspects of task related processing have a comparable resting state network  Smith et al  and the integrity of these networks varies across individuals in a manner that is predictive of complex forms of cognition such as meta cognitive accuracy  spontaneous thought  Gorgolewski et al  reading comprehension  The default modes of reading modulation of posterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex connectivity associated with comprehension and task focus while reading et al  and executive control Reineberg et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
At other times we suddenly realize that we having been looking at the world from the wrong perspective many famous visual illusions depend upon the resolution of uncertain perceptual input  The neural bases of multistable perception et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Neuroimaging has revealed that almost all functional networks that support aspects of task related processing have a comparable resting state network  Smith et al  and the integrity of these networks varies across individuals in a manner that is predictive of complex forms of cognition such as meta cognitive accuracy  spontaneous thought  Gorgolewski et al  reading comprehension  Smallwood et al  and executive control Resting state networks predict individual differences in common and specific aspects of executive function et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
It is already known that this region of cortex is a member of a rich club of regions whose connectivity allows them to integrate neural processing in an influential manner RichClub Organization of the Human Connectome and Sporns Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Consistent with this interpretation of our data recent work has shown that increasing the reward associated with a particular stimulus a manipulation that increases the magnitude of a prediction error signal increases the dominance of that particular stimulus Reward modulates perception in binocular rivalry and Einhauser Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Building on prior work linking individual differences in perception to neural organisation Kanai et al Kanai et al  Megumi et al Song et al abGABA shapes the dynamics of bistable perception et al Watanabe et al  in Experiment Two we probed the functions of these networks by examining whether modulations in the connectivity across individuals contains explanatory information on their rate of perceptual alternationsBrain networks underlying bistable perception
This brain region is important in visual aspects of semantics  Squire et al Semantic processing in the anterior temporal lobes a meta analysis of the functional neuroimaging literature et al  and activity there is suppressed when an image is rendered invisible by rivalry suppression Fang and He Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Neuroimaging has revealed that almost all functional networks that support aspects of task related processing have a comparable resting state network  Correspondence of the brain s functional architecture during activation and rest et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
We verified the distinctness of these two networks using a large metaanalytic resting state database wwwneurosynthorg Large scale automated synthesis of human functional neuroimaging data et al  that produced similar though less extensive networks shown in Supplementary Figure SBrain networks underlying bistable perception
We often lose ourselves in our thoughts decoupling experience from the here and now  The Decoupled Mind Mindwandering Disrupts Cortical Phase locking to Perceptual Events et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
This region of prefrontal cortex is implicated in the topdown coordination of cognition and action Conflict monitoring and anterior cingulate cortex an update et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Neuroimaging has revealed that almost all functional networks that support aspects of task related processing have a comparable resting state network  Smith et al  and the integrity of these networks varies across individuals in a manner that is predictive of complex forms of cognition such as meta cognitive accuracy  spontaneous thought  A Correspondence between Individual Differences in the Brain s Intrinsic Functional Architecture and the Content and Form of Self Generated Thoughts et al  reading comprehension  Smallwood et al  and executive control Reineberg et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Our seed region in the pSPL exhibited connectivity with regions of parietal and lateral prefrontal cortex whose specialism is in the extraction of higher order features of sensory input Duncan Topography of cognition parallel distributed networks in primate association cortex Brain networks underlying bistable perception
There was a clear correlation r plt between the geometric mean dominance durations for the two tasks consistent with previous work Carter and Pettigrew  though see also Interpreting the temporal dynamics of perceptual rivalries and Arnold  as shown in Figure dBrain networks underlying bistable perception
This brain region is important in visual aspects of semantics  Squire et al Visser et al  and activity there is suppressed when an image is rendered invisible by rivalry suppression Cortical responses to invisible objects in the human dorsal and ventral pathways and He Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Our seed region in the pSPL exhibited connectivity with regions of parietal and lateral prefrontal cortex whose specialism is in the extraction of higher order features of sensory input The multiple demand MD system of the primate brain mental programs for intelligent behaviour GoldmanRakic Brain networks underlying bistable perception
The striatum is known to be important in relaying prediction error signals to primary regions of cortex Daw et al  and might play this role in perceptual decision making  Forstmann et al  though see also A purely confirmatory replication study of structural brain behavior correlations et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
We extracted the brain from the skull using the BET toolbox for both the FLAIR and the structural T weighted images and these scans were registered to standard space using FLIRT A global optimisation method for robust affine registration of brain images and Smith Brain networks underlying bistable perception
This region of cortex is implicated in the coordination of the selection of goal related actions  Executive control and decision making in the prefrontal cortex and Koechlin  under conditions when stimulus input is stableBrain networks underlying bistable perception
Understanding the neural architecture that mediates these alternations is considered a critical step in uncovering neural correlates of consciousness Consciousness and neuroscience and Koch Identifying the neural correlates of bistable perception by recording online activity however may confound activity that is causally linked to bistable alternations with activity that is merely correlated with itBrain networks underlying bistable perception
There was a clear correlation r plt between the geometric mean dominance durations for the two tasks consistent with previous work A common oscillator for perceptual rivalries Perception  and Pettigrew  though see also Gallagher and Arnold  as shown in Figure dBrain networks underlying bistable perception
Application of TMS to the anterior region of the superior parietal lobule aSPL in the right hemisphere causes binocular rivalry and bistable motion alternations to speed up  Right parietal TMS shortens dominance durations in binocular rivalry et al Kanai et al Brain networks underlying bistable perception
In contrast to the pSPL the aSPL was connected to regions of sensori motor cortex that are thought to serve functions more closely tethered to sensory input The evolution of distributed association networks in the human brain and Krienen Brain networks underlying bistable perception
Trademarks UIBM OIHM USPTO WIPO Credit ratings CEBI Intesa Sanpaolo Corporate Group charts Intesa Sanpaolo A more sophisticated approach to data integration is illustrated by Dalla Official Statistics Data Integration Using Copulas   where data from surveys of companies in the north of Italy is combined with official data from the Italian stock exchange so as to calibrate the survey dataOfficial Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality
For general applications of Bayesian networks see On Generating High InfoQ with Bayesian Networks Quality Technology and Quantitative Management  Official Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality
Hybrid Method for Quantifying and Analyzing Bayesian Belief Nets introduced continuous NPBNs using copulas to realize rank correlations in directed acyclic graphsOfficial Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality
Enterprises in a globalized context and public and private statistical setups who state that the matching of public with private databases is crucial for implementing new analyses that are functional to a new approach to businessOfficial Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality
For an introduction and for more details about the definitions and main results see for example Cowell   Jensen    or Probabilistic Reasoning in Intelligent Systems Networks of Plausible Inference   for the use of BNs for problem solving and model building see Fenton and Neil  Official Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality
These results and more recent experiments on outofequilibrium dynamics in the BHM Slow mass transport and statistical evolution of an atomic gas across the Superfluid Mott insulator transition are discussed in this sectionOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Several authors have used these approaches to study the BHM both from the weakly interacting limit large     and the strongly interacting limit small    Schwinger Keldysh approach to out of equilibrium dynamics of the Bose Hubbard model with time varying hoppingOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Several authors have used these approaches to study the BHM both from the weakly interacting limit large    Nonequilibrium dynamics of optical lattice loaded BoseEinstein condensate atoms beyond the Hartree Fock Bogoliubov approximation and the strongly interacting limit small    OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
These results and more recent experiments on outofequilibrium dynamics in the BHM Probing the superfluid toMott insulator transition at the single atom level are discussed in this sectionGreiner et alOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
The original focus of work on the BHM Boson localization and the superfluid insulator transition was in the context of experiments on superconductorinsulator transitions in granular superconductors  and Josephson junction arrays  and for  He in porous media OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Quench dynamics and nonequilibrium phase diagram of the Bose Hubbard model rationalized the slow relaxation they found for large by focusing on the particle and hole excitations of the Mott insulatorOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
In the simplest mean field theory Quantum phases in an optical lattice one introduces the superfluid order parameter as                  then the hopping terms in the Hamiltonian simplify to                                and the Hamiltonian may be approximated as a sum of single site terms Take the hopping term to be a perturbation to the Mott insulator phase which for     has the ground state given in  when there are    bosons per siteOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Considerable effort has been expended to obtain more accurate determinations of the phase boundaries using quantum Monte Carlo  series expansions Dynamics and thermodynamics of the Bose Hubbard model and the density matrix renormalization group OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
It is relatively straightforward to calculate the mean field phase diagram as a function of    and    Quantum Phase Transitions as described in Section  which leads to the wellknown Mott insulator lobes illustrated in Figure OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Improvements to the Gutzwiller mean field have been made using a variety of approaches Nonequilibrium dynamics of the Bose Hubbard model a projection operator approach and can allow for perturbative corrections to shortrange correlations OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
The shaded regions indicate where each universality class applies blue indicates DBG physics orange indicates   physics and the green region is governed by the finite density     generalized to quantum phase transitions Universal adiabatic dynamics in the vicinity of a quantum critical pointOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Quantum phase transition from a superfluid to a Mott insulator in a gas of ultracold atoms has lead the focus of work on this model to shift to cold atomsOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
 showing number squeezing in a twowell system and was quickly followed by a number of other realizations of the BHM and quantum phase transitions of bosons in optical lattices Phase coherence of an atomic Mott insulatorOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
For example for outofequilibrium dynamics in dimensions higher than  for example Local versus global equilibration near the bosonic Mott insulator superfluid transition Section  or in the presence of complicated space and timedependent potentials such as the Gaussian spoon consisting of a usual harmonic trap    with a Gaussian with velocity V  r       r        V         suggested by Lundh  as a means to excite Mott insulating statesOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Considerable effort has been expended to obtain more accurate determinations of the phase boundaries using quantum Monte Carlo  series expansions  and the density matrix renormalization group One dimensional Bose Hubbard model with nearest neighbor interactionOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
 showing number squeezing in a twowell system and was quickly followed by a number of other realizations of the BHM and quantum phase transitions of bosons in optical lattices Collapse and revival of the matter wave field of a Bose Einstein condensateOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Near the fixed density quantum critical point QCP there is also a gapped Higgs mode corresponding to amplitude fluctuations of the superfluid order parameter that has been predicted in a variety of calculations Excitation spectra of bosons in optical lattices from the Schwinger Keldysh calculation and observed experimentally for bosons in twoandthree dimensional optical lattices OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
This form gives a constant propagation speed of the correlations as found in the The finite group velocity of quantum spin systemsRobinson boundOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
The solution of this equation when  is assumed to be spatially uniform shows oscillations as a function of time for a system prepared in the Mott state as illustrated in Figure  although these oscillations were not observed in a recent quench experiment Quantum quench of an atomic Mott insulator Altman and Auerbach noted some caveats to their results the assumption of a uniform system may be spoiled by topological defects that get trapped by the KibbleZurek mechanism OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Improvements to the Gutzwiller mean field have been made using a variety of approaches Emergence of coherence in the Mott insulator superfluid quench of the Bose Hubbard model and can allow for perturbative corrections to shortrange correlations OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
At lowest order in perturbation theory in    it can be estimated that V              which is in accordance with calculations using QMC Temperature changes when adiabatically ramping up an optical lattice and an analytic strong coupling approach  both of which suggest V        OutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
Cold bosonic atoms in optical lattices that the BHM could be realized by cold atoms in an optical lattice and the subsequent experimental demonstration of a superfluid to Mott insulator transition in this system by Greiner et alOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
By comparing a homogeneous system with  atom per site with different initial configurations of bosons in a trap as in experiments in Single atom resolved fluorescence imaging of an atomic Mott insulator Natu et alOutofEquilibrium Dynamics of the BoseHubbard Model
The succeeding Badegoulian technocultural entity conserves this eastern margin coinciding with the course of the RhneSane river regime Floss a Ecocultural niches of the Badegoulian unravelling links between cultural adaptation and ecology during the Last Glacial Maximum in France et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Other issues touch upon the postulated favorable condition quality of the area south of the Ebro basin which has recently been challenged by new climatic and biogeographic data indicating that southern Iberia was at times far from a refugiale zone but see Climatic conditions for the last Neanderthals herpetofaunal record of et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Issues of identity are similarly negotiated in relation to fluvial regimes  Territorial boundaries et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Recent radiocarbon dates from the key Swabian Jura sites of Hohle Fels and Geienklsterle in the Ach valley a small tributary of the Upper Danube support this view and place the earliest occupation in the region even before Heinrich event IV Conard aTesting models for the beginning of the Aurignacian and the advent of figurative art and music the radiocarbon chronology of Gei enkl sterle et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Moreover the river occupied an extensive area in the landscape with multiple migratory channels minor tributaries and a massive floodplain including swamp and marsh environments eg Pleistocene RhineThames landscapes geological background for hominin occupation of the southern North Sea region et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Each spatial feature has therefore to be understood as an entanglement of natural properties and sociocultural dimensions eg Gamble Tilley Rockman Meskell and Preucel Edgeworth Entangled An archaeology of the relationships between humans and things Streams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
They have been found in Magdalenian layers of Hohle Fels and Kleine Scheuer in the Swabian Jura and among others in Obere Klause in the Altmhl Valley Bemalte Steine aus dem Magdal nien der Klausenh hlen bei Essing Bayern Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft f r Urgeschichte and Floss Conard et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
While many scholars dealing with postPleistocene societies tend to emphasize the conceptualized and Bbuilt nature of each Banthropospace eg Tilley Ashmore and Knapp Muir Meskell and Preucel Lang Social complexity in prehistoric Eurasia Monuments metals and mobility and Linduff  Paleolithic archaeologists usually focus on the Bnatural dimension of spatiality on the environment sensu stricto tacitly assuming that spatial presence in general is before anything else driven and crucially constrained by bioecological regimes eg Van Andel and Davies Verpoorte Mller et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Moreover these sites share a regionally distinct Bcultural heritage represented by a unique tradition of both ivory figurines and personal ornaments Aurignacian art in central Europe Floss  Vanhaeren and dErrico Floss Floss  bConard Conard  aPorr Wolf Conard et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Representing interpreting and using cognized environments  already pointed out that such anchoring features are designated to hierarchically structure the local environment around them and serve as a Bcheap and effective means of landscape use and wayfinding in particular see also Couclelis et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Another famous historical example is the case of the Nile Valley seemingly forming the eastern margin of the Aterian world within the greater North African Middle Stone Age complex The Aterian industry its place and significance in the Palaeolithic world Marks  pStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Two useful notions that may lay out the conceptual foundation for river systems providing such powerful behavioral clues that attract and detract people in critical ways are heuristics and affordances We In this way rivers constitute an important cornerstone of a bounded or ecological perspective on decisionmaking and judgment in space Simon Reasoning the fast and frugal way models of bounded rationality and Goldstein Reasoning the fast and frugal way models of bounded rationality and Selten Kahneman GrneYanoff Todd et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Viewed in this light heuristics can even be seen as integral components of the human adaptive toolbox  Simple heuristics that make us smart et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Archaeologists consequently have ever since attempted to tackle the spatiality of past human social units from a whole range of different angles eg Shott Kelly Close Brantingham The archaeology of mobility Old World and New World nomadism and Wendrich Grove Grove  Turq et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
To conclude it appears that Aurignacian site occurrence at the European scale is strongly correlated with the presence of large river systems in the landscape Otte Davies   the conditions of landscape knowledge and learning deserve special attention eg Human wayfinding and cognitive maps Kelly Streams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Archaeologists consequently have ever since attempted to tackle the spatiality of past human social units from a whole range of different angles eg Shott Kelly Reconstructing movement in prehistory Brantingham Bernard and Wendrich Grove Grove  Turq et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
Archaeologists consequently have ever since attempted to tackle the spatiality of past human social units from a whole range of different angles eg Shott Kelly Close Brantingham Bernard and Wendrich Hunter gatherer movement patterns causes and constraints   Turq et alStreams as Entanglement of Nature and Culture European Upper Paleolithic River Systems and Their Role as Features of Spatial Organization
While belief in the biological determination of sexual orientation is correlated with tolerance towards lesbians and gay men beliefs in biological determination are also correlated with prejudice and stereotyping of other minority groups cf Bastian amp Haslam Keller Martin amp Parker Prentice amp Miller Theorizing gender in the face of social change Is there anything essential about essentialism  Postmes Haslam amp Hornsey Williams amp Eberhardt Yzerbyt Rocher amp Schadron A stone in the soup Changes in sexual prejudice and essentialist beliefs among british students in a class on lgbt psychology
From curiosity to care Heterosexual student interest in sexual diversity courses Reid Garfield and Hoy  assessed students prejudice and their interest in twentysix topics at the beginning and end of a course titled The Psychology of Homosexuality Prejudice reduced among these largely heterosexual studentsA stone in the soup Changes in sexual prejudice and essentialist beliefs among british students in a class on lgbt psychology
However only rarely have authors conducted mediation analyses or verified structural equation models that support those interpretations see Essentialist beliefs about homosexuality Structure and implications for prejudice amp Levy Horvath amp Ryan  for notable exceptionsA stone in the soup Changes in sexual prejudice and essentialist beliefs among british students in a class on lgbt psychology
While belief in the biological determination of sexual orientation is correlated with tolerance towards lesbians and gay men beliefs in biological determination are also correlated with prejudice and stereotyping of other minority groups cf Bastian amp Haslam Keller Martin amp Parker Psychological essentialism of human categories amp Miller Morton Postmes Haslam amp Hornsey Williams amp Eberhardt Yzerbyt Rocher amp Schadron A stone in the soup Changes in sexual prejudice and essentialist beliefs among british students in a class on lgbt psychology
Do Biological Determinist Theories Reduce Prejudice Against Lesbians and Gay MenWith few exceptions eg Symbolic beliefs about sexual orientation in the United States and in Britain Herek amp Capitanio  social psychologists who have studied structural relationships between biological beliefs and attitudes to lesbians and gay men have tended to interpret those findings as evidence of causal effects of beliefs on attitudesA stone in the soup Changes in sexual prejudice and essentialist beliefs among british students in a class on lgbt psychology
We have indicated here that flavour effects Recent overviews are S Blanchet and P Di Bari might play a role ie   i describes the decay of the heavy neutrino of mass M i into leptons of flavour   e   The seesaw mechanism Neutrino mixing leptogenesis and lepton flavour violation
 Evidence from four welldesigned trials demonstrated that arthroscopic interventions   and meniscectomy Is arthroscopic surgery beneficial in treating non traumatic degenerative medial meniscal tears A five year follow up were no better or provided no additional effect than the comparator ie sham surgery physical therapy or a combination of physical and medical therapy to relieve pain and improve function in the middleaged patients with knee OA or early signs of knee OAKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Meniscus pathology osteoarthritis and the treatment controversy The general opinion is that patients recover their muscle strength fully within  weeks following arthroscopic partial meniscectomyKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
 Evidence from four welldesigned trials demonstrated that arthroscopic interventions   and meniscectomy Arthroscopic or conservative treatment of degenerative medial meniscal tears a prospective randomised trial were no better or provided no additional effect than the comparator ie sham surgery physical therapy or a combination of physical and medical therapy to relieve pain and improve function in the middleaged patients with knee OA or early signs of knee OAKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
 Evidence from four welldesigned trials demonstrated that arthroscopic interventions   and meniscectomy Surgery versus physical therapy for a meniscal tear and osteoarthritis were no better or provided no additional effect than the comparator ie sham surgery physical therapy or a combination of physical and medical therapy to relieve pain and improve function in the middleaged patients with knee OA or early signs of knee OAKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
  A critical limitation of previous studies Factors predicting functional and radiographic outcomes after arthroscopic partial meniscectomy a review of the literature is their failure to account for the type of symptom onset ie injury mechanismKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Recovery of muscle strength following arthroscopic meniscectomy More importantly however recent studies have shown substantial patientreported disability and pain in patients up to  years after surgeryKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Impact of knee extensor strength deficits on stair ascent performance in patients after medial meniscectomy More importantly however recent studies have shown substantial patientreported disability and pain in patients up to  years after surgeryKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Isokinetic rehabilitation after arthroscopic meniscectomy More importantly however recent studies have shown substantial patientreported disability and pain in patients up to  years after surgeryKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Substantial disability  months after arthroscopic partial meniscectomy a prospective study of patient relevant outcomes One explanation for the poor selfreported outcomes may be that the loss of meniscal function triggers other events that may cause knee painKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Thigh muscle strength functional capacity and self reported function in patients at high risk of knee osteoarthritis compared with controls One explanation for the poor selfreported outcomes may be that the loss of meniscal function triggers other events that may cause knee painKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
Muscle strength functional performance and self reported outcomes four years after arthroscopic partial meniscectomy in middle aged patients One explanation for the poor selfreported outcomes may be that the loss of meniscal function triggers other events that may cause knee painKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
 A limitation to this study is that patients are included based on the main reason for surgery ie suspicion of a meniscus tear The causes and mechanisms of meniscal injuries in the sporting and non sporting environment in an unselected populationKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
  A critical limitation of previous studies Meniscal repair versus partial meniscectomy a systematic review comparing reoperation rates and clinical outcomes is their failure to account for the type of symptom onset ie injury mechanismKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
  A critical limitation of previous studies Results of meniscectomy for treatment of isolated meniscal injuries correlation between results and etiology of injury is their failure to account for the type of symptom onset ie injury mechanismKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
  A critical limitation of previous studies Predictors of short term recovery differ from those of long term outcome after arthroscopic partial meniscectomy is their failure to account for the type of symptom onset ie injury mechanismKnee Arthroscopy Cohort Southern Denmark KACS protocol for a prospective cohort study
 species and unique characteristics associated with breeding strategies and embryo development such as internal fertilization matrotrophy and sexual selection Phylogenetic relationships within the fish family Goodeidae based on Cytochrome b sequence dataEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
In fact the scientific community has long assumed that translocations and introduction of species in America occurred only after European colonization  The region in Westcentral Mexico particularly between the LermaSantiago and Balsas rivers is characterized by varied and rugged physiography a product of intense tectonic and volcanic activity in the area since the Miocene Freshwater fishes of M xicoEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genus Allotoca is the most diverse within the Goodeinae and is the subject of taxonomic controversy with the need for taxonomic revision to validate species Una nueva especie del Neoophorus diazi Meek Evolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
In order to elucidate and analyze the two biogeographic hypotheses about the connections or disconnections between the Zirahun Ptzcuaro and Cupatitzio basins and the possibility of a species translocation we examined the evolutionary history of Allotoca diazi complex using two different molecular markers described for the Goodeinae Subfamily Polymorphic microsatellites in two different species of the genus Zoogoneticus Meek  Goodeidae Actynopterygii  a conserved molecular marker of mitochondrial DNA Cytochrome b Cytb gene and a less conserved microsatellite nuclear markersEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity Anthropogenic soil erosion around Lake Patzcuaro Michoacan Mexico during the Preclassic and late Postclassic Hispanic periods and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The first argues the existence of a tributary connecting the Lerma River with Cuitzeo Ptzcuaro and Zirahun lakes Los lagos michoacanos II P tzcuaro Revista de la Sociedad Mexicana de Historia Natural around   years ago Evolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
In order to elucidate and analyze the two biogeographic hypotheses about the connections or disconnections between the Zirahun Ptzcuaro and Cupatitzio basins and the possibility of a species translocation we examined the evolutionary history of Allotoca diazi complex using two different molecular markers described for the Goodeinae Subfamily Comparison of genetic diversity at microsatellite loci in near extinct and non endangered species of Mexican goodeine fishes and prediction of cross amplification within the family a conserved molecular marker of mitochondrial DNA Cytochrome b Cytb gene and a less conserved microsatellite nuclear markersEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity Historical evidence of fluctuations in the level of Lake P tzcuaro Michoac n Mexico over the last  years and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity On the arid margin The relationship between climate humans and the environment A review of evidence from the highlands of central Mexico and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity Reconstructing the climate of Mexico from historical records The Holocene and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity A reexamination of human induced environmental change within the Lake P tzcuaro Basin and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Tectovolcanic events giving rise to the separation of Ptzcuaro and Zirahun lakes began  years ago with the formation and activity of the La Tasa volcano southwest of Lake Ptzcuaro and climate fluctuations causing decline in water level and drying of streams Late Pleistocene Holocene record of environmental changes in Lake Zirahuen Central Mexico SpringerEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The islander Chichimeca and the Coringuaro considered as first human groups to settle in the region of Uruapan and south of Michoacn probably had influence on the management of aquatic resources and translocation of species may have occurred La historiograf a ind gena de Michoac n Research School CnwsEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genus Allotoca is the most diverse within the Goodeinae and is the subject of taxonomic controversy with the need for taxonomic revision to validate species Goodeidae Annalen des Naturhistorischen Museums in WienEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
 species and unique characteristics associated with breeding strategies and embryo development such as internal fertilization matrotrophy and sexual selection Westarp WissenschaftenEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
 species and unique characteristics associated with breeding strategies and embryo development such as internal fertilization matrotrophy and sexual selection Molecular phylogeny of the livebearing Goodeidae Cyprinodontiformes Evolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The main resources currently exploited by settlements around the lakes are fish as well as turtles salamanders clams and wetland plants Las cuencas del occidente de M xico Colegio de Michoac nEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Fluctuations in the level of Lake Ptzcuaro during the Holocene associated with climate change human activity Demographic and Landscape Change in the Lake Patzcuaro Basin Mexico Abandoning the Garden and occurrence of tsunamis  could be involved to the isolation and demographics changes of AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The results obtained are supported by the minimal morphological differences previously reported Studies of the fishes of the Order Cyprinodontes XVI A revision of the GoodeidaeEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The results obtained are supported by the minimal morphological differences previously reported Leven baren wat is dat wigenlijk Allotoca diazi and AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
However translocation and introduction of fish species is well documented in many ancient cultures having an important role in their current distribution misunderstanding the evolutionary history of the species In America particularly in Mexico the impact of preHispanic cultures in the current distribution of the biota is little known and mostly documented for birds The fifteenth and twentieth century colonization of the basin of Mexico by the greattailed grackle Quiscalus mexicanus Evolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The results obtained are supported by the minimal morphological differences previously reported Studies of the fishes of the order Cyprinodontes XII A new genus related to EmpetrichthysAllotoca diazi and AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The results obtained are supported by the minimal morphological differences previously reported Studies of the fishes of the Order CyprinodontesAllotoca diazi and AEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genetic distances among the three species in Cytb are smaller than reported to sister Goodeinae species   and sister species congeneric species and cofamilial genera within and across the major vertebrate taxonomic classes  A test of the genetic species concept cytochrome b sequences and mammalsEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genetic distances among the three species in Cytb are smaller than reported to sister Goodeinae species   and sister species congeneric species and cofamilial genera within and across the major vertebrate taxonomic classes  The history and purview of phylogeography A personal reflectionEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genetic distances among the three species in Cytb are smaller than reported to sister Goodeinae species   and sister species congeneric species and cofamilial genera within and across the major vertebrate taxonomic classes  Intraspecific phylogeography The mitochondrial DNA bridge between population genetics and systematicsEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
meeki isolationThe hypothesis of connection and disconnection of Ptzcuaro and Zirahun lakes during the last   years  is supported by stratigraphic  limnologic data Limnologic history of the Lago de P tzcuaro Michoac n Mexico from the past   years impacts of the climate and man shared native icthyofauna such as Chirostoma estor Chirostoma ptzcuaro Atherinopsidae Algansea lacustris Cypronidae Alloophorus robustus Skiffia lermae Allotoca dugesii and Goodea atripinnis Goodeidae  and genetic data Evolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
The genetic distances among the three species in Cytb are smaller than reported to sister Goodeinae species   and sister species congeneric species and cofamilial genera within and across the major vertebrate taxonomic classes  Rapid evolution of animal mitochondrial DNAEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
catarinae is reflected in the low genetic differences nonmonophyletic patterns shared haplotypes and genetic groups assignment and we considered that the species complex consist in an incomplete lineage sorting pattern Random roots and lineage sortingEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
catarinae is reflected in the low genetic differences nonmonophyletic patterns shared haplotypes and genetic groups assignment and we considered that the species complex consist in an incomplete lineage sorting pattern Coalescent histories on phylogenetic networks and detection of hybridization despite incomplete lineage sortingEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
catarinae is reflected in the low genetic differences nonmonophyletic patterns shared haplotypes and genetic groups assignment and we considered that the species complex consist in an incomplete lineage sorting pattern Estimating divergence times from molecular data on phylogenetic and population genetic timescalesEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
zacapuensis does not contradict the hypothesis of lvarez   with respect to the connection between the Zacapu and Ptzcuaro basins during the Pleistocene resulted from the formation of the El Zirate mountain and the northern Ptzcuaro Lake shoreline during the Late Pleistocene Estratigraf a y paleoambiente asociados a un Gomphoteriidae Cuvieronius hyodon en TzintzuntzanEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
meeki can be explained by the variations in nucleotide diversity and proportion of segregating sites  lt s which is interpreted as a recent population reduction followed by expansion as demonstrated by the estimated value of D T   and nonsignificant positive values of Fus FS estimates A test of neutral molecular evolution based on nucleotide dataEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
meeki isolationThe hypothesis of connection and disconnection of Ptzcuaro and Zirahun lakes during the last   years  is supported by stratigraphic  limnologic data  shared native icthyofauna such as Chirostoma estor Chirostoma ptzcuaro Atherinopsidae Algansea lacustris Cypronidae Alloophorus robustus Skiffia lermae Allotoca dugesii and Goodea atripinnis Goodeidae  and genetic data Systematics and biogeography of the silverside tribe Menidiini Teleostomi Atherinopsidae based on the mitochondrial ND geneEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
Identification of operational conservation units and predictions of future distributionThe genetic biological and ecological information obtained in this investigation along with relevant published information Historical population dynamics and demography of the eastern Atlantic pomacentrid Chromis limbata Valenciennes   was used for identification of conservation unitsEvolutionary History of the LiveBearing Endemic Allotoca diazi Species Complex Actinopterygii Goodeinae Evidence of Founder Effect Events in the Mexican PreHispanic Period
In addition peroxiredoxins being abundant in brown adipose tissue contribute to the seasonal behavior under conditions in which the coordination by the suprachiasmatic nuclei is weak  Epperson et al  being reminiscent of those in which the timekeeping mechanisms are challenged  Redefining the limits of day length responsiveness in a seasonal mammal et al  and circadian desynchrony is likely to emerge van Oort et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
These findings suggest that brown adipocytes and circadian clocks of whose components the cryptochromes do react to ultraviolet radiation Human cryptochrome exhibits light dependent magnetosensitivity et al  are not only relevant to survival and adaptation but also targeted by natural selectionHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
The proteins encoded by the cryptochrome genes  Hsu et al  are likely to be of key importance here because of their unique role in the core of circadian transcriptional feedback loops  Identification of small molecule activators of cryptochrome et al Padmanabhan et al  via their interaction with  AMPactivated protein kinase Um et al  for review see Jordan and Lamia  whose activity in turn controls the activity of brown adipocytes  Lpez et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
The circulating blood is a carrier of heat which follows not only the circadian rhythm of core body temperature guided by the suprachiasmatic nuclei  Buhr et al  but also the ultradian fluctuation in nonshivering thermogenesis generated by brown adipose tissue  Brown adipose tissue thermogenesis heats brain and body as part of the brain coordinated ultradian basic rest activity cycle et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
The genetic basis for adaptation to the climatemediated selection was elucidated in a recent scan of the human genome using  worldwide populations Adaptations to climate mediated selective pressures in humans et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
I hypothesize that the CRY and CRY proteins play this key role in brown adipose tissue similar to their role in other tissues analyzed so far where CRY and possibly CRY as well after the encoding gene being induced by melatonin  Molecular characterization of the long day response in the Soay sheep a seasonal mammal et al  might mediate the inhibitory effect of melatonin on cyclic adenosine monophosphate reactions in brown adipocytesHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
The proteins encoded by the cryptochrome genes  Hsu et al  are likely to be of key importance here because of their unique role in the core of circadian transcriptional feedback loops  Hirota et al Feedback regulation of transcriptional termination by the mammalian circadian clock PERIOD complex et al  via their interaction with  AMPactivated protein kinase Um et al  for review see Jordan and Lamia  whose activity in turn controls the activity of brown adipocytes  Lpez et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
It appears that a nontranscriptional pathway for the metabolic cycle engages the circadian clock thereby enhancing clock performance Where clocks are redundant weak circadian mechanisms in reindeer living under polar photic conditions Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Under the short photoperiod the melatonin signal is not sufficient to inhibit the cyclic adenosine monophosphate response during the second half of the night A physiological model of a circannual oscillator  but adenosine elicits through the melatoninsensitized adenosine A b receptor an increase in the transcription of cyclic adenosine monophosphateinducible genes von Gall et al  which characterizes the socalled sleepsensitive circadian period of the individualHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
On the other hand cryptochromes directly take part in glucocorticoidreceptormediated repression of glucocorticoid synthesis Lamia et al  and in blockade of the NFB signaling pathway  Circadian clock protein cryptochrome regulates the expression of proinflammatory cytokines et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
ONCE BEING ACTIVATED BROWN FAT IS NOT EASILY QUENCHEDBrown adipose tissue may in fact be an active pacemaker tissue having activity in a range of ultradian  Ootsuka et al  to infradian  Seasonal variation in the effect of constant ambient temperature of  C in reducing FDG uptake by brown adipose tissue in children et al  oscillationsHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
This effect can be achieved directly through interaction of the CRY and CRY proteins with the G s  subunit of heterotrimeric G protein  Cryptochrome mediates circadian regulation of cAMP signaling and hepatic gluconeogenesis et al  or that of CRY and possibly CRY as well with adenylyl cyclase  Narasimamurthy et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Changes in the cellular metabolic state could be the cause not just the result of neuronal activity  Circadian rhythm of redox state regulates excitability in suprachiasmatic nucleus neurons et al  and if this holds true then the ultradian rhythms in brown adipose tissue may lead neuronal activityHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
It is currently evident that brown adipose tissue is a highly active tissue rather than only a form of embryonic adipose tissue Sheldon  or the socalled hibernating gland and it is highly prevalent in adult humans  High prevalence of brown adipose tissue in adult humans et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
It is strengthened further by those which show that the CRY gene expression is abnormal when inbredstrain mice with the intrinsic level of high anxiety are deprived of sleep  Sleep deprivation effects on circadian clock gene expression in the cerebral cortex parallel electroencephalographic differences among mouse strains et al  and when humans with bipolar type  disorder do remain depressed after the antidepressant sleep deprivation Lavebratt et al If both CRY and CRY feedback loops are intact the nuclear ratio of CRY to CRY proteins controls the period of the circadian clock more CRY causing longer periods and more CRY causing shorter periods  Hirota et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
On the other hand cryptochromes directly take part in glucocorticoidreceptormediated repression of glucocorticoid synthesis Cryptochromes mediate rhythmic repression of the glucocorticoid receptor et al  and in blockade of the NFB signaling pathway  Narasimamurthy et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
This may be relevant if one takes a scenario where there is a link between the circadian clock to cold tolerance or heat tolerance and alternative splicing is used to finetune the individuals responses to the environment similar to that in fruit flies How a circadian clock adapts to seasonal decreases in temperature and day length et al  or in plants  Seo et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Furthermore it is not yet known how mutated CRY proteins  Generation of a novel allelic series of cryptochrome mutants via mutagenesis reveals residues involved in protein protein interaction and CRY specific repression  influenceHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Currently there are no longitudinal data on the same individuals assessed with the same method available except from a cohort study in which  twins were followedup for  years  Heritability of diurnal type a nationwide study of  adult twin pairs et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
However there are gaps of knowledge as the impact of melatonin on transcription of CRY  Hazlerigg et al MacGregor and Lincoln  the roles of PER and CRY as a systematically driven genes that bear a signal of time in a correct phase throughout the tissues  System driven and oscillator dependent et al Hughes et al  and the cryptochromeindependent influence of the PER protein on transcription of the ARNTL BMAL gene  Schmutz et al Ye et al  are not yet understood in depthHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
However this view might not be farfetched since thus far all the health hazards assessed appear to cluster and be more frequent among the eveningtypes including unhealthy dietary habits  Kanerva et al  smoking and nicotine dependence  Broms et al  and the increased odds for depressive anxiety and substance use disorders  Reid et al  insomnia  Relation of chronotype to sleep complaints in the general Finnish population et al a hypertension and type  diabetesHypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Similarly data on the core clock gene encoded proteins for review see Molecular components of the mammalian circadian clock   suggest and I speculate here that the nuclear ratio of RORA to RORB may control the period of the circadian clock more RORA causing longer periods and more RORB leading to shorter periods for review see Partonen Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Normally natural environmental light and ambient temperature of the external  h cycle act together to dictate the phase and to entrain circadian clocks  Boothroyd et al  but the change of seasons tends to challenge their functions and therefore for example in plants the lengthened period serves to delay the onset of flowering until later in the season and it could prove advantageous in avoiding the latespring light but cold weather  Enhanced fitness conferred by naturally occurring variation in the circadian clock et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Furthermore there is an ultradian rhythm of eg free corticosterone in the blood  Qian et al Ultradian corticosterone secretion is maintained in the absence of circadian cues et al  that translates into synchronized rhythms of free glucocorticoid hormone in peripheral the subcutaneous tissue and central the hippocampus tissues Qian et al Hypothesis Cryptochromes and Brown Fat are Essential for Adaptation and Affect Mood and MoodRelated Behaviors
Increased mortality is particularly associated with people who have substance misuse disorders and severe mental illness psychosis  All cause mortality among people with serious mental illness SMI substance use disorders and depressive disorders in southeast London a cohort study et al Promoting mental health in men
The effects of health problems may be compounded by different approaches to seeking help between men and women with men seeking help less frequently than women  Galdas et al  particularly for psychological problems What do we know about men s help seeking and health service use  et al Promoting mental health in men
There is also increased risk of suicide among men working in construction and agricultural occupations Patterns of suicide by occupation in England and Wales et al Promoting mental health in men
Several health problems are associated with increased risk of suicide and depression appears to be the most important mental disorder for suicidal ideation and behaviour among all age groups  Suicide prevention strategies a systematic review et al Promoting mental health in men
The disorder is twice as common in boys as girls affecting  of boys and  of girls in Great Britain  The Stationery Office et al Promoting mental health in men
The effects of health problems may be compounded by different approaches to seeking help between men and women with men seeking help less frequently than women  Men and health help seeking behaviour literature review et al  particularly for psychological problems Smith et al Promoting mental health in men
Several evaluations of pilot projects designed specifically for mens mental health and suicide risk have been conducted Evaluation of Mental Health Promotion Pilots to Reduce Suicide Amongst Young Men and Storey Promoting mental health in men
Suicide and mental illnessIdeas of suicide acts of selfharm and completed suicide are associated with mental health problems with approximately  of people who complete suicide having a diagnosable mental disorder although only half of these individuals will have had a history of involvement with mental health services  Contact with mental health and primary care providers before suicide a review of the evidence et al Promoting mental health in men
Indirect costs of lost employment were estimated to be an additional  billion Paying The Price The Cost of Mental Health Care in England to  King s Fund Promoting mental health in men
For example although lower socioeconomic status is associated with increased prevalence of common mental disorders its influence may be more pronounced among men those with the lowest household income in England were found to be three times more likely to have depression or an anxiety condition as those in the highest income households  and  respectively while for women household income appeared to have less of an influence on mental health  Results of a Household Survey The NHS Information Centre for Health and Social Care Promoting mental health in men
Evidence from the WHO World Health Survey involving nearly  participants from  countries in all world regions indicated that having one or more longterm physical conditions was associated with a more than threefold increase in the prevalence of depression  National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence  Depression in Adults Update Depression The Treatment and Management of Depression in Adults tiny cc depressionupdate Last accessed et al Promoting mental health in men
An increased risk of death from all causes is not restricted to the most severe mental illnesses but is also associated with conditions such as depression and anxiety disorders The poor physical health of people with mental illness Promoting mental health in men
For example the teenage years are associated increasingly with incidence of mental health problems with half of all lifetime cases of mental illness commencing by the age of   Prevalence severity and comorbidity of  month DSM IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication et al  exacerbated by increased incidence of relapse and persistencePromoting mental health in men
As previously noted offenders in prison and homeless people are particularly vulnerable with male prisoners five times more likely to die by suicide than men in the general population  Psychiatric disorders in male prisoners who made near lethal suicide attempts case control study et al  and a sevenfold increased risk of suicide in homeless men Nielsen et al Promoting mental health in men
Effects of psychological distressSeveral prospective studies Stansfeld et al  Psychological distress and premature mortality in the general population a prospective study et al  and a pooled analysis of population survey findings linked to death certification Russ et al  provided evidence that reduced life expectancy is not limited to specific diagnosed mental illnessesPromoting mental health in men
Depression is associated with a near doubling of allcause mortality rates Depression depressive symptoms and mortality in persons aged  and over living in the community a systematic review of the literature  Cuijpers andSmit Promoting mental health in men
In addition there is evidence that eating disorder prevention programmes delivered to atrisk females are effective in reducing risk factors involved in the development of eating disorders such as body dissatisfaction  A meta analytic review of eating disorder prevention programs encouraging findings et al Promoting mental health in men
Awareness of risk factors for mental health problems such as neglect or abuse in early life bereavement and loss carer burdens and family history of mental disorders may provide opportunities for specific preventive and supportive interventions  Public Health Interventions to Promote Positive Mental Health and Prevent Mental Health Disorders Among Adults Evidence Briefing tiny cc evidencebriefing Last accessed et al Promoting mental health in men
Although mental health problems may occur at any age onset is typically in childhood or adolescence although treatment often does not begin until many years later  Delay and failure in treatment seeking after first onset of mental disorders in the World Health Organization s World Mental Health Survey Initiative et al Promoting mental health in men
Job insecurity and high levels of job strain have been identified as risk factors for depression  A population based longitudinal study on work environmental factors and the risk of major depressive disorder et al Promoting mental health in men
In  of the  countries in the WHO European region suicide rates in young men aged  increased between  and  and similar changes in suicide rates were evident in Australia and the US  Global suicide rates among young people aged   World Psychiatry et al Promoting mental health in men
Suicide and social and economic factorsThere is an increased risk of suicide and deliberate selfharm in men and women who are unemployed Unemployment and suicide a cohort analysis of social factors predicting suicide in the US National Longitudinal Mortality Study  although findings suggest that risks may be increased for unemployed men Ying and Chang Promoting mental health in men
Suicide and social and economic factorsThere is an increased risk of suicide and deliberate selfharm in men and women who are unemployed Kposowa  although findings suggest that risks may be increased for unemployed men A study of suicide and socioeconomic factors  Promoting mental health in men
Anxiety disorders other than phobias which include generalised anxiety disorder and panic disorder depression alcohol and substance misuse disorders and schizophrenia begin most commonly between the late teens and early adulthood  Age of onset of mental disorders a review of recent literature et al Promoting mental health in men
Medical illnesses particularly longterm conditions such as diabetes coronary heart disease renal disease asthma and arthritis have been associated with increased prevalence of mental health problems including depression and anxiety disorders Depression in adults with a chronic physical health problem treatment and management Promoting mental health in men
The US federal inmate population is  male US Department of Justice  and in England and Wales males make up  of this population Prison Population Statistics Commons Library Standard Note www parliament uk briefing papers sn Last accessed Promoting mental health in men
GPs detection of mental health problems including depression may be affected by patients gender with some studies identifying that detection is less likely in men  Who is at risk of nondetection of mental health problems in primary care et al Promoting mental health in men
Depression is associated with a near doubling of allcause mortality rates Saz andDewey  Excess mortality in depression a meta analysis of community studies  Promoting mental health in men
Around  of people respond to these interventions with men appearing more likely than women to reduce alcohol use following advice about behaviour change  Effectiveness of brief alcohol interventions in primary care populations et al Promoting mental health in men
Selective approaches are used to prevent the onset of postpartum depression by identifying mothers who are at risk of developing the condition and providing individual support for postnatal women through intensive home visits by nurses and health visitors Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews Issue  CD Department for Children Schools and Families  Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning SEAL for Secondary Schools Department for Children Schools and Families Nottingham Department for Education  Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning SEAL Programme in Secondary Schools National Evaluation  Promoting mental health in men
During the same period we conducted surveys of butterflies in prairies in seven midwestern states Effects of management on butterfly abundance in tallgrass prairie and pine barrens and Wisconsin pine barrensThe butterfly fauna of Wisconsin bogs lessons for conservation
Since bogs are well known for their relatively stable vegetations and insect faunas over the long term they can also be viewed as a climax community  Ecological succession of a relict Central European peat bog and variability of its insect biodiversity et alThe butterfly fauna of Wisconsin bogs lessons for conservation
Although often viewed as a longlived successional stage between open water and forest in glaciated landscapes peatlands can get reset to an earlier successional stage The vegetation of Wisconsin an ordination of plant communities The butterfly fauna of Wisconsin bogs lessons for conservation
Vegetative versus resourcebased approach to defining habitat The vegetative approach to defining habitats may be called the ecosystem approach but its typically focused on floristic composition Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources  Packard and Mutel Effectiveness of a vegetation based approach to insect conservation The butterfly fauna of Wisconsin bogs lessons for conservation
Various models both idealized and comprehensive have also simulated a widening trend if not always as noticeable as that suggested by some of the observations Width of the Hadley cell in simple and comprehensive general circulation models et alResponse of Atmospheric Structure to Global Warming
In addition we try to assess whether the response is consistent with or explainable by simple physical arguments some of which have been presented in the literature before see also the review by Water vapor and the dynamics of climate changes et alResponse of Atmospheric Structure to Global Warming
Strength of the Hadley CellA number of studies have found andor argued that the strength of aspects of the tropical circulation will weaken with global warming  Knutson and Manabe Vecchi and Soden Robust responses of the hydrological cycle to global warming Kang et alResponse of Atmospheric Structure to Global Warming
In general consistency with these simulations a number of authors have documented poleward trends in the observed or reanalysed position of the midlatitude jets storminess andor the relevant annular mode over the past few decades Thompson and Solomon Archer and Caldeira Phase speed spectra and the recent poleward shift of southern hemisphere surface westerlies Solman and Orlanski Bender et alResponse of Atmospheric Structure to Global Warming
However some equatorward shifts have also been seen in simulations of future climates using models that have a welldeveloped stratosphere Climate change projections and stratosphere troposphere interaction et alResponse of Atmospheric Structure to Global Warming
However allometric equations that relate physical attributes of trees to their aboveground biomass normally rely on three parameters in addition to tree height H tree diameter at  m D and wood density  are very important Tree allometry and improved estimation of carbon stocks and balance in tropical forests et al  and mean values and ratios between these parameters vary significantly between regions  Tree allometry and improved estimation of carbon stocks and balance in tropical forests et al Feldpausch et al Quesada et al  associated with different species communities ter Steege et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
However allometric equations that relate physical attributes of trees to their aboveground biomass normally rely on three parameters in addition to tree height H tree diameter at  m D and wood density  are very important Chave et al  and mean values and ratios between these parameters vary significantly between regions  Chave et al Feldpausch et al Basinwide variations in Amazon forest structure and function are mediated by both soils and climate et al  associated with different species communities ter Steege et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
The relationship between diameter and height also varies across the basin but with more complexity than wood density mostly related to climatic factors Heightdiameter allometry of tropical forest trees et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
The total vegetation carbon storage of Amazon basin tropical forests has been subject to a wide range of estimates Houghton et al Malhi et al Distribution of aboveground live biomass in the Amazon basin et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Therefore the maps are most comparable in undisturbed forest areas so all comparisons were performed in Intact Forest Landscape IFL Mapping the world s intact forest landscapes by remote sensing et al  areas only with the exception of the analysis of recent deforestationMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
The total vegetation carbon storage of Amazon basin tropical forests has been subject to a wide range of estimates Houghton et al The regional variation of aboveground live biomass in old growth Amazonian forests et al Saatchi et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
However allometric equations that relate physical attributes of trees to their aboveground biomass normally rely on three parameters in addition to tree height H tree diameter at  m D and wood density  are very important Chave et al  and mean values and ratios between these parameters vary significantly between regions  Chave et al Feldpausch et al Quesada et al  associated with different species communities Continental scale patterns of canopy tree composition and function across Amazonia et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
In order to test this we use a unique dataset of  field plots located throughout tropical South America compiled as part of RAINFOR Red Amaznica de Inventarios Forestales Amazon Forest Inventory Network Malhi et al  the Amazon Tree Diversity Network A spatial model of tree diversity and tree density for the Amazon et al  TEAM Tropical Ecology Assessment and Monitoring and PPBio Brazilian Program for Biodiversity Research FigMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
The key ecological parameters associated with differing AGB are basal area wood density and DH ratios all of which vary across the basin  Baker et al ter Steege et al What controls tropical forest architecture Testing environmental structural and floristic drivers et al Feldpausch et al Quesada et al  but none of which is directly detected by RSMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
We know that wood density increases from west to east across Amazonia  Variation in wood density determines spatial patterns in Amazonian forest biomass et al ter Steege et al  inversely correlated to stem turnover rate Quesada et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
MATERIALS AND METHODSDetails of field methods and error checking procedures involved in the RAINFOR permanent plot network are discussed in detail elsewhere Field manual for plot establishment and remeasurement et al Field manual for plot establishment and remeasurement et al  aMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
The total vegetation carbon storage of Amazon basin tropical forests has been subject to a wide range of estimates The spatial distribution of forest biomass in the Brazilian Amazon a comparison of estimates et al Malhi et al Saatchi et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
These have varied from  Pg C  Carbon in live vegetation of major world ecosystems et al  to  Pg C Fearnside  scaled to whole basin although there is now some general consensus in the middle of this range egMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
 and wood density values estimated for each stem using the mean value for the species in the Global Wood Density Database Global wood density database et al  or the mean for the genus using congeneric taxa from Mexico Central America and tropical South America if no data were available for that species K DHMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
In order to test this we use a unique dataset of  field plots located throughout tropical South America compiled as part of RAINFOR Red Amaznica de Inventarios Forestales Amazon Forest Inventory Network An international network to monitor the structure composition and dynamics of Amazonian forests RAINFOR  et al  the Amazon Tree Diversity Network ter Steege et al  TEAM Tropical Ecology Assessment and Monitoring and PPBio Brazilian Program for Biodiversity Research FigMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
However using current technology AGB cannot be directly estimated from space Radar backscatter is not a direct measure of forest biomass et al  and thus field plots remain essential for calibrating and validating RS mapsMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
This paper is  in the Technical Series of the Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project BDFFPINPASTRIThe unpublished field data summarized here involve contributions from numerous field assistants and rural communities in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela most of whom have been specifically acknowledged in Drought sensitivity of the Amazon Rainforest et alMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Total carbon stocks for subsets of the resulting layers were calculated by multiplying the mean biomass of a subset by its area in hectares and then converting biomass to carbon by multiplying the result by  as dry biomass is assumed to be  carbon Good practice guidance for land use land use change and forestry et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
ac the parameters of the bestfit lines are given in Table S input plot biomass data are available in Amazon forest biomass measured in inventory plots Plot Data from Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
INTRODUCTION Amazonia contains half of all remaining tropical moist forest A sourcebook of methods and procedures for monitoring and reporting anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions and removals caused by deforestation gains and losses of carbon stocks in forests et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Some have used direct extrapolations from fieldplot measurements either multiplying the total area of forest by mean biomass density values Olson et al Greenhouse gases from deforestation in Brazilian Amazonia net committed emissions FAO  or by twodimensional kriging Malhi et al  others have used environmental gradients to cokrig fieldplot measurements USMarkedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Though REDD is not yet operational voluntarysector afforestationreforestation and REDD projects already exist with REDD credit sales equal to  million in FAO  Global forests resources assessment  Forestry Paper  Food and Agriculture Organization et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Countrytocountry cash transfers have also taken place with Norway leading the way committing US billion to the government of Indonesia a similar amount to Brazils Amazon Fund and  million to Guyana in return for their meeting goals for reducing rates of forest loss The evolving global climate finance architecture Overseas Development Institute et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
Although these data do include some information about the structural characteristics of the forest within the LiDAR footprints canopy height is the principal parameter detected  Estimates of forest canopy height and aboveground biomass using ICESat et al Markedly divergent estimates of Amazon forest carbon density from ground plots and satellites
All patients received a full neurological neuropsychological neuroimaging and neuropsychiatric evaluation as reported in Online Resource  and as described in previous studies on the same cohort Default network is not hypoactive in dementia with fluctuating cognition an Alzheimer disease dementia with Lewy bodies comparisonCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
IntroductionThe last consensus on diagnostic criteria for dementia with Lewy Bodies DLB states that tremor is less frequent than in Parkinsons disease PD  but does not detail the types and relative prevalence of tremor despite earlier studies reporting a prevalence of   for rest and   for action kineticpostural tremor Comparison of extrapyramidal signs in dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson s diseaseCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors  reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Dopa responsive pseudo orthostatic tremor in parkinsonismCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors  reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Two novel POLG mutations in a patient with progressive external ophthalmoplegia levodopa responsive pseudo orthostatic tremor and parkinsonismCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
IntroductionThe last consensus on diagnostic criteria for dementia with Lewy Bodies DLB states that tremor is less frequent than in Parkinsons disease PD  but does not detail the types and relative prevalence of tremor despite earlier studies reporting a prevalence of   for rest and   for action kineticpostural tremor Generally rest tremor is considered specific for PD while postural and action or intentional tremor are attributed to essential tremor ET although exceptions to this rule are clearly reported The phenomenology of Parkinsonian tremorCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Predictive value of nigrostriatal dysfunction in isolated tremor a clinical and SPECT study on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Association between essential tremor and other neurodegenerative diseases what is the epidemiological evidence  on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
Alcohol test and acute LDopa challenges were performed according to the described protocols Consensus statement on the role of acute dopaminergic challenge in Parkinson s diseaseCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
All patients received a full neurological neuropsychological neuroimaging and neuropsychiatric evaluation as reported in Online Resource  and as described in previous studies on the same cohort Cohort study on somatoform disorders in Parkinson disease and dementia with Lewy bodiesCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
All patients received a full neurological neuropsychological neuroimaging and neuropsychiatric evaluation as reported in Online Resource  and as described in previous studies on the same cohort EEG comparisons in early Alzheimer s disease dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson s disease with dementia patients with a  year follow upCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Tremor some controversial aspects on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Are we making progress in the understanding of tremor in Parkinson s disease  on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Essential tremor and Parkinson s disease lack of a link on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Rest tremor in advanced essential tremor a post mortem study of nine cases on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
IntroductionThe last consensus on diagnostic criteria for dementia with Lewy Bodies DLB states that tremor is less frequent than in Parkinsons disease PD  but does not detail the types and relative prevalence of tremor despite earlier studies reporting a prevalence of   for rest and   for action kineticpostural tremor The UPDRS scale as a means of identifying extrapyramidal signs in patients suffering from dementia with Lewy bodiesGenerally rest tremor is considered specific for PD while postural and action or intentional tremor are attributed to essential tremor ET although exceptions to this rule are clearly reported Cohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Essential tremor is associated with dementia prospective population based study in New York on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Estimating annual rate of decline prospective longitudinal data on arm tremor severity in two groups of essential tremor cases on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
In addition while there are some small studies reporting an improvement of general motor features in DLB with acute LDopa challenge  the specific response of tremors to treatments has been investigated in only one early study The clarification of the different tremor types and response to treatment in DLB could improve clinical recognition of DLB but mostly understanding tremor in DLB would provide clarity to recent controversial debates Older onset essential tremor more rapid progression and more degenerative pathology on the long term outcome of patients putatively affected by ETCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
IntroductionThe last consensus on diagnostic criteria for dementia with Lewy Bodies DLB states that tremor is less frequent than in Parkinsons disease PD  but does not detail the types and relative prevalence of tremor despite earlier studies reporting a prevalence of   for rest and   for action kineticpostural tremor Generally rest tremor is considered specific for PD while postural and action or intentional tremor are attributed to essential tremor ET although exceptions to this rule are clearly reported Consensus statement of the movement disorder society on tremor Ad Hoc scientific committeeCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors  reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Pseudoorthostatic and resting leg tremor in a large Spanish family with homozygous truncating parkin mutationCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
IntroductionThe last consensus on diagnostic criteria for dementia with Lewy Bodies DLB states that tremor is less frequent than in Parkinsons disease PD  but does not detail the types and relative prevalence of tremor despite earlier studies reporting a prevalence of   for rest and   for action kineticpostural tremor Generally rest tremor is considered specific for PD while postural and action or intentional tremor are attributed to essential tremor ET although exceptions to this rule are clearly reported Movement disorders diagnosis and assessmentCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
All patients received a full neurological neuropsychological neuroimaging and neuropsychiatric evaluation as reported in Online Resource  and as described in previous studies on the same cohort Eyelid retraction in dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson s diseaseCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors Head tremor in Parkinson s disease reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Cohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The PD patients with dementia PDD were excluded because of the confounding effects of treatmentsAll patients tested negative for the G mutations in the LRRK gene  as a high prevalence of mixed tremor has been described in this condition Up with the lark a panoptic view of Parkinson diseaseCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors Possible Parkinson s disease revealed by a pure head resting tremor reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Cohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
The prevalence of these tremors have not been investigated in DLB after the early reports nor was described the prevalence of other types of tremor which are considered infrequent but specific to PD as head and face tremors  reemergent  pseudoorthostatic or standing tremor Myoclonus or tremor in orthostatism an under recognized cause of unsteadiness in Parkinson s diseaseCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
All patients tested negative for the G mutations in the LRRK gene The LRRK RC mutation is more frequent than GS in Parkinson s disease patients from southern Italy as a high prevalence of mixed tremor has been described in this condition Cohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
All new referrals to our movement disorders and memory clinics in the years   patients diagnosedwith DLB PD or ET according to the accepted clinical criteria Accuracy of clinical diagnosis of idiopathic Parkinson s disease a clinicopathological study of  cases were enrolled in the studyCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
Tremors frequencies and amplitudes were also quantified by Electromyography EMG as described in our previous papers Gabapentin in orthostatic tremor results of a double blind crossover with placebo in four patients and in Online Resource Cohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
Rest tremor is the sum of head face rest arms and rest leg items postural tremor is the sum of forward arm and lateral arm items action is the sum of kinetic action leg spiral and water items mixed tremor defines any combination of rest postural action standing and walking tremors clarity to the ongoing debate Is essential tremor predictive of Parkinsons disease opposing two factions suggesting  or denying  the possibility that ET might evolve to PD or DLB implicitly challenging the assumption that the three do represent distinct clinical entities rather than syndromesCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
While recent studies Parkinson syndrome Heterogeneity of etiology might further help to clarify this controversy by adding new concepts to the debate our concluding remark would be focused to a simple take home message the appropriate examination and investigation of patients with tremor should not be simply addressed to motor aspects but should also consider nonmotor features and specifically the core and supportive features of DLB  ie cognitive visuospatial and dysexecutive abnormalities RBD and EEG abnormalities before reaching definite conclusionsCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
While recent studies Cerebral causes and consequences of parkinsonian resting tremor a tale of two circuits might further help to clarify this controversy by adding new concepts to the debate our concluding remark would be focused to a simple take home message the appropriate examination and investigation of patients with tremor should not be simply addressed to motor aspects but should also consider nonmotor features and specifically the core and supportive features of DLB  ie cognitive visuospatial and dysexecutive abnormalities RBD and EEG abnormalities before reaching definite conclusionsConflicts of interest ProfCohort study of prevalence and phenomenology of tremor in dementia with Lewy bodies
in the central lepton fraction at neutrino trapping position of shock formation peak luminosity of the  e burst and maximum radius to which the shock expands before it retreats again Nuclei in the CosmosExplosion Mechanisms of CoreCollapse Supernovae
While in the D case the advection time t adv  R s  R g v   with v   v   measures how long the accretion flow needs from R s to R g Physics of Neutron Star Interiors the dwell time in the gain region is better captured in the multiD situation by the more general expression  t dwell  M g  M which relates the mass in the gain layer M g with the mass accretion rate  M through the shock and for conditions near steady state through the gain radiusExplosion Mechanisms of CoreCollapse Supernovae
The observational basis of determined or constrained NS and BH masses IAU Symposium SNprogenitor connections  and estimated explosion parameters eg  FigExplosion Mechanisms of CoreCollapse Supernovae
While in the D case the advection time t adv  R s  R g v   with v   v   measures how long the accretion flow needs from R s to R g  the dwell time in the gain region is better captured in the multiD situation by the more general expression  t dwell  M g  M which relates the mass in the gain layer M g with the mass accretion rate  M through the shock and for conditions near steady state through the gain radiusExplosion Mechanisms of CoreCollapse Supernovae
The study will use Developing and validating rapid assessment instrumentss  methods for confirming content validityGender comparisons in nonacute cardiac symptom recognition and subsequent helpseeking decisions a mixed methods study protocol
The intervention goal of this paradigm is to help individuals or group to adapt to the existing structures without the need for major institutional structure change Validating The Four Paradigm Theory of Information System DevelopmentTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
SOCIOLOGICAL PARADIGMS Sociological Paradigms and Organizational Analysis claim that sociological paradigms of social theory can be classified into the categories functionalist interpretive radical structuralism and radical humanism as shown in Figure Towards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Many researchers have questioned whether IT adoption decisions are made in the interest of executives or other stakeholders Critical reflection in planning information systems A contribution from critical systems thinkingTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Information Technologies have long been identified as a key factor in competitiveness and have even radically modified the basis of competition Information and Communication Technology in Organizations adoption implementation use and effectsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Diffusion in turn is the decision to implement such technology after adoption A human environmentalist approach to diffusion in ICT policies A case study of the FOSS policy of the South African GovernmentTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
IT adoption denotes the taking and execution of a conscious decision to use a particular technology from an individual or an organizational perspective in the organization Bringing the user into the product development processTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
The importance of understanding the IT adoption decision making process in organizations has been highlighted by many researchers Quo vadis TAM Journal of the Association for Information SystemsThe paper proposes an IT adoption decision making framework to assist with complex technology adoption in organizationsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
The implicit assumption in most frameworks is that there is always consensus in IT adoption decisions Reflections on the Development and contributions of Critical Systems Thinking and Practice System Research and Behavioural ScienceTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Naturally any IT adoption ought to be done for the benefit of the organization Critical Success and Failure Factors in a Charitable Organization s Systems Development and Adoption AMCISTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Amongst other things IT governance is tasked with deciding on how decision rights and accountability are distributed in organizations to avoid ad hoc decision making Managerial and Technical Barriers to the adoption of Open Source SoftwareTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Information systems and systems thinking time to unite In Soft Systems Methodology in Action points to information systems as being social artifacts that people can shape according to their interests and a particular contextTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
The importance of understanding the IT adoption decision making process in organizations has been highlighted by many researchers The Factors that influence Adoption and usage Decision in SMEs Evaluating Interpretive Case Study Research in Information SystemsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
The classic diffusion of innovation theory by Rogers  has also been criticized for ignoring the social context of IT adoption in organizations as well as being too simplistic to address issues of social context in which the adoption and diffusion of IT take place An Analysis of the Human Environment for the Adoption and Use of Information TechnologyTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Many researchers have highlighted the importance of stakeholder participation in the success of IT adoption  hence the involvement and participation of stakeholders have been found desirable in IT adoption decision making Boundary Critique and Stakeholder Collaboration in Open Source Software Migration A Case StudyTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Organizations have been urged to also focus on meeting user requirements when adopting new systems Societal Learning and Change How Governments Business and Civil Society are Creating Solutions to Complex Multi stakeholder ProblemsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
In order to improve IT governance in an organization Govern How TopPerforming Firms Govern IT  proposes the assignment of decision rights to five IT decision areas architecture infrastructure principle applications and investment in an organizationTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Therefore it is vital to involve stakeholders with very opposing interests in the IT adoption decisionmaking processes IT governance of enterprise planning supported by the Delone Mclean model of information systems success Information and managementTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
The assignment of responsibilities and roles to decisionmaking domain areas helps to achieve a balanced governance structure for IT adoption decisions An empirical analysis of risk taking behaviour in IT platform migration decisionTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Systems approaches are focused on understanding problem situations in order to improve the situations not solve the problem Introducing approachesTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Therefore it is vital to involve stakeholders with very opposing interests in the IT adoption decisionmaking processes IT adoption failure has been attributed to the independent creation of decisions away from the social context and an inadequate exploring of stakeholder requirements Towards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Organizations have been urged to view IT adoption decision making as a social phenomenon which needs systems approaches to reveal competing interests among stakeholders A Critical Approach to EvaluationTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
Many researchers have highlighted the importance of stakeholder participation in the success of IT adoption Examining Stakeholders Roles in Influencing IT Project Cancellation Decisions hence the involvement and participation of stakeholders have been found desirable in IT adoption decision making Towards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
IT GovernanceAlthough IT governance as a framework may improve controls with respect to the alignment of IT and business objectives it pays less attention to how IT adoption decisions are made Information Technology Governance and Service Management frameworks and adaptationsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
In order for individuals to change their ways of thinking they first need to abandon their old worldview Paradigms Metaphors and Puzzle solving in organizational theoryTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
IT adoption failure has been attributed to the independent creation of decisions away from the social context and an inadequate exploring of stakeholder requirements All Aboard ERP Implementation as Participatory Design AMCIS  ProceedingsTowards a Framework for Decision Making Regarding IT Adoption
These include Ricci flow Waves and Stability in Continuous Media group averaging of the FLRW isometry group  and the characterization of constant mean extrinsic curvature CMC flows What is dustPhysical foundations of the averaging problem in cosmology
As Sitzungsber Preuss Akad Wiss put it Sitzungsber Preuss Akad Wiss In a consistent theory of relativity there can be no inertia relatively to space but only an inertia of masses relatively to one anotherWhat is dustPhysical foundations of the averaging problem in cosmology
Since many galaxy clusters are spherical in shape there is a temptation to model them using the spherically symmetric dust LematreTolmanBondi LTB solutions Proc Nat Acad SciWhat is dustPhysical foundations of the averaging problem in cosmology
 implies a similar idea when arguing that association membership is unlikely to introduce qualitatively new values but enforces already existing values see also Katz amp Lazersfeld The dual route to value change Individual processes and cultural moderators amp Goodwin Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
The empirical analysis thereby builds on recent work by Association membership and generalized trust A multilevel model across  countries  to allow easy reference to existing findingsAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
IntroductionOver the past decade a lively debate has developed regarding the decline in civic participation observed by some but not by others across a number of Western democracies Paxton Bowling alone Collapse and revival of American community Stolle amp Hooghe Dekker amp van den Broek Listhaug amp Grnflaten Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
The importance of this debate lies not only in establishing whether Western societies have become more individualistic over time and its citizens increasingly hunker down to borrow the colloquialism introduced in this respect by E pluribus unum Diversity and community in the twenty first century The  but also reflects the central role often attributed to civic engagement for the development and maintenance of democratic values generalized trust cooperative norms racial and religious tolerance and so on Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Nonetheless the same might likewise hold for other distinctions recently proposed in the literature eg the bridgingbonding distinction based on the sociodemographic diversity of an associations memberships see Are all associations alike Member diversity associational type and the creation of social capital amp Rochon Putnam Coff amp Geys  the inclusiveexclusive distinction based on associations constitutive purposes Warren Warren  Zmerli Geys amp Griesshaber  or the typology based on associations primary concerns ie recreational members interests or broad social interests see van der Meer Te Grotenhuis amp Scheepers Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
IntroductionOver the past decade a lively debate has developed regarding the decline in civic participation observed by some but not by others across a number of Western democracies Paxton Putnam Inaccurate exceptional one sided or irrelevant The debate about the alleged decline of social capital and civic engagement in western societies amp Hooghe Dekker amp van den Broek Listhaug amp Grnflaten Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
The importance of this debate lies not only in establishing whether Western societies have become more individualistic over time and its citizens increasingly hunker down to borrow the colloquialism introduced in this respect by Putnam  but also reflects the central role often attributed to civic engagement for the development and maintenance of democratic values generalized trust cooperative norms racial and religious tolerance and so on eg Putnam Predicting cross national levels of social trust Global pattern or Nordic exceptionalism  amp Newton Li Pickles amp Savage Terriquez Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
IntroductionOver the past decade a lively debate has developed regarding the decline in civic participation observed by some but not by others across a number of Western democracies Is social capital declining in the United States A multiple indicator assessment Putnam Stolle amp Hooghe Dekker amp van den Broek Listhaug amp Grnflaten Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Wars terrorist activity or natural disasters therefore have the potential to induce sudden although possibly temporary shifts in peoples attitudes and value patterns eg Ladd amp Cairns Young Israeli s reactions to national trauma The Rabin assassination and terror attacks et al Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Why does this relative neglect of the sociopolitical and institutional environment matter Based on the idea that institutions get locked in as a result of selfreinforcement selfreproduction and path dependence eg Collier amp Collier Mahoney Path dependence increasing returns and the study of politics  institutions have long been viewed as stable and resistant to change until exogenous shocks  bring about radical institutional reconfigurations Mahoney amp Thelen  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 Given the importance of formal and informal institutions for governing peoples behaviour eg Institutions institutional change and economic performance Thelen  and earlier findings linking the institutional environment to the development of specific types of voluntary associations eg Berman Schofer amp FourcadeGourinchas Kriinen amp Lehtonen  it is surprising that both lines of argument ignore the sociopolitical and institutional environment within which the individual and the association existAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
In the absence of data on individuals income levels that are fully comparable across countries we follow Critical citizens Global support for democratic government  in introducing a dummy variable equal to  when a respondent is employed and a measure of occupational prestigeAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Using this terminology connected memberships are argued to expand individuals networks beyond one single association Paxton  see also Structural cohesion and embeddedness A hierarchical concept of social groups amp White Cornwell amp Harrison  thus allowing members to transfer trust gained within their association to individuals outside the association Paxton  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Although such endogenous incremental changes can take different forms see Streeck amp Thelen Boas A theory of gradual institutional change amp Thelen  they all have in common that the effect of the institution is transformed in a gradual process Boas  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 it can be expected to reduce an individuals confidence in others trustworthiness eg Geographies of Trust and Yoon Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Second the relation between ethnic and religious diversity on the one hand and social capital civic engagement and trust on the other hand has attracted significant scholarly discussion in recent years eg Participation in heterogeneous communities amp La Ferrara  Delhey amp Newton Hallberg amp Lund Coff amp Geys Putnam Gijsberts van der Meer amp Dagevos Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Although such endogenous incremental changes can take different forms see Beyond continuity Institutional change in advanced political economies amp Thelen Boas Mahoney amp Thelen  they all have in common that the effect of the institution is transformed in a gradual process Boas  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 Both age and education have in previous work been shown to be strongly associated with trust in particular individuals tend to become more trusting between  and  and with higher educational attainment Is trust in others declining in America An age period cohort analysis amp Jackson Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
The importance of this debate lies not only in establishing whether Western societies have become more individualistic over time and its citizens increasingly hunker down to borrow the colloquialism introduced in this respect by Putnam  but also reflects the central role often attributed to civic engagement for the development and maintenance of democratic values generalized trust cooperative norms racial and religious tolerance and so on eg Putnam Delhey amp Newton Social capital and social trust in Britain Pickles amp Savage Terriquez Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Building on social identity theory eg Differentiation between social groups Studies in the social psychology of intergroup relations  and social network analysis eg Coleman  Paxton  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 Given the importance of formal and informal institutions for governing peoples behaviour eg North Historical institutionalism in comparative politics  and earlier findings linking the institutional environment to the development of specific types of voluntary associations eg Berman Schofer amp FourcadeGourinchas Kriinen amp Lehtonen  it is surprising that both lines of argument ignore the sociopolitical and institutional environment within which the individual and the association existAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
the bridgingbonding distinction based on the sociodemographic diversity of an associations memberships see Stolle amp Rochon Putnam Coff amp Geys  the inclusiveexclusive distinction based on associations constitutive purposes Warren Warren  Zmerli Geys amp Griesshaber  or the typology based on associations primary concerns ie recreational members interests or broad social interests Three types of voluntary associations in comparative perspective The importance of studying associational involvement through a typology of associations in  European countries Te Grotenhuis amp Scheepers Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
As a result individuals in voluntary associations display higher levels of desirable social attitudes simply because they selected themselves into such associations due to their prosocial attitudes eg Social Capital and European Democracy et al Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Why does this relative neglect of the sociopolitical and institutional environment matter Based on the idea that institutions get locked in as a result of selfreinforcement selfreproduction and path dependence eg Collier amp Collier Path dependence in historical sociology Pierson  institutions have long been viewed as stable and resistant to change until exogenous shocks  bring about radical institutional reconfigurations Path dependence in historical sociology amp Thelen  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
IntroductionOver the past decade a lively debate has developed regarding the decline in civic participation observed by some but not by others across a number of Western democracies Paxton Putnam Stolle amp Hooghe Dekker amp van den Broek Civic decline Trends in political involvement and participation in Norway amp Grnflaten Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Using this terminology connected memberships are argued to expand individuals networks beyond one single association Paxton  see also Moody amp White Union membership and voluntary associations Membership overlap as a case of organizational embeddedness amp Harrison  thus allowing members to transfer trust gained within their association to individuals outside the association Paxton  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Circumstantial though suggestive evidence of such an effect was recently presented in The ambiguous character of bridging and bonding A proposal for combining existing measures amp Murdoch Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Building on social identity theory eg Tajfel  and social network analysis eg Foundations of social theory  Paxton  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Why does this relative neglect of the sociopolitical and institutional environment matter Based on the idea that institutions get locked in as a result of selfreinforcement selfreproduction and path dependence eg Shaping the political arena amp Shaping the political arena Mahoney Pierson  institutions have long been viewed as stable and resistant to change until exogenous shocks  bring about radical institutional reconfigurations Mahoney amp Thelen  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Although such endogenous incremental changes can take different forms see Streeck amp Thelen Conceptualizing continuity and change The composite standard model of path dependence Mahoney amp Thelen  they all have in common that the effect of the institution is transformed in a gradual process Conceptualizing continuity and change The composite standard model of path dependence  pAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
IntroductionOver the past decade a lively debate has developed regarding the decline in civic participation observed by some but not by others across a number of Western democracies Paxton Putnam Stolle amp Hooghe Involvement in voluntary associations in North America and Western Europe Trends and correlates   amp van den Broek Listhaug amp Grnflaten Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Both elements are mutually conditional in the sense that they are jointly necessary to obtain the desired outcome Goertz How general is trust in most people Solving the radius of trust problem Newton amp Welzel Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Second the relation between ethnic and religious diversity on the one hand and social capital civic engagement and trust on the other hand has attracted significant scholarly discussion in recent years eg Alesina amp La Ferrara  Delhey amp Newton Hallberg amp Lund Coff amp Geys Putnam Hunkering down in multi ethnic neighbourhoods The effects of ethnic diversity in cities and neighbourhoods on dimensions of social cohesion van der Meer amp Dagevos Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Second the relation between ethnic and religious diversity on the one hand and social capital civic engagement and trust on the other hand has attracted significant scholarly discussion in recent years eg Alesina amp La Ferrara  Delhey amp Newton The business of apocalypse Robert Putnam and diversity Race and Class amp Lund Coff amp Geys Putnam Gijsberts van der Meer amp Dagevos Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
For instance in the aftermath of the  earthquake and ensuing tsunami and nuclear crisis in Japan the demand for weddings increased as people were jolted into adjusting priorities in life Wedding Bells Toll in Post Quake Japan Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 Given the importance of formal and informal institutions for governing peoples behaviour eg North Thelen  and earlier findings linking the institutional environment to the development of specific types of voluntary associations eg Civil society and the collapse of the Weimar Republic Schofer amp FourcadeGourinchas Kriinen amp Lehtonen  it is surprising that both lines of argument ignore the sociopolitical and institutional environment within which the individual and the association existAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
 implies a similar idea when arguing that association membership is unlikely to introduce qualitatively new values but enforces already existing values see also Personal influence amp Lazersfeld Bardi amp Goodwin Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Wars terrorist activity or natural disasters therefore have the potential to induce sudden although possibly temporary shifts in peoples attitudes and value patterns eg Children Ethnic and political violence amp Cairns Raviv et al Association Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
Indeed these characterizing elements of the organizational identity are shown to be crucial determinants of individuals integration processes in the socialization literature eg European identity amp Katzenstein  and play a key role to explain peer effects in research on group interaction in social psychologyAssociation Membership and Generalized Trust Are Connections between Associations Losing their Value
In fact the assumption of large scale homogeneity and isotropy of the universe is the basis of most cosmological models Sitzungsberichte der K niglich Preu ischen Akademie der Wissenschaften Fractal Dimension as a measure of the scale of Homogeneity
A set F is a fractal if it satisfies most of the following Fractal Geometry Mathematical Foundation and Application i F has a fine structure ie detail on arbitrarily small scalesii F is too irregular to be described in traditional geometrical language both locally and globallyiii F has some form of selfsimilarity perhaps approximate or statisticaliv In most cases of interest F is defined in a very simple way perhaps recursivelyFractal Dimension as a measure of the scale of Homogeneity
 km year   derived from Avian invasions The ecology and evolution of exotic birds et al  multiplied by the number of years since introduction see Strubbe et al  for detailsInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
To assess potential invasion risk bioclimatic envelope models estimate the geographical distribution of climates suitable for invasive species Uses and misuses of bioclimatic envelope modeling amp Peterson Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Also models typically do not appreciate how the existence of phylogeographic lineages with differing niche requirements can influence forecasts of invasion risk Within taxon niche structure niche conservatism divergence and predicted effects of climate change et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
To identify potentially invasive species risk assessment protocols based on species traits associated with invasiveness have been developed Trait based risk assessment for invasive species high performance across diverse taxonomic groups geographic ranges and machine learning statistical tools et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Niche conservatism was the norm for nonnative vertebrates introduced to Europe andNorth America Strubbe et al   whereas a global study on amphibians and reptiles found widespread evidence for niche expansion  Residence time expansion toward the equator in the invaded range and native range size matter to climatic niche shifts in non native species et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Two large scale studies on European plants introduced to North America found niche conservatism was the dominant pattern for weedy widespread plant species  Climatic niche shifts are rare among terrestrial plant invaders et al  while niche expansion into climates not occupied in the native range was common for plants with smaller native ranges Early amp Sax Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Two large scale studies on European plants introduced to North America found niche conservatism was the dominant pattern for weedy widespread plant species  Petitpierre et al  while niche expansion into climates not occupied in the native range was common for plants with smaller native ranges Climatic niche shifts between species native and naturalized ranges raise concern for ecological forecasts during invasions and climate change amp Sax Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
 km year   derived from Blackburn et al  multiplied by the number of years since introduction see Niche conservatism in non native birds in Europe niche unfilling rather than niche expansion et al  for detailsInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Niche analyses To assess niche differences between phylogroups and between native and invasive parakeet populations we used the Diversity and Distributions  Measuring ecological niche overlap from occurrence and spatial environmental data et alInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Therefore we assess three key assumptions underlying bioclimatic envelope models  that species distributions are largely governed by climate Ara ujo amp Predicting the geography of species invasions via ecological niche modeling   that a species current native distribution corresponds with the total set of climate conditions under which it can persist Petereson  and  that the climatic niche remains conserved across time and space  Broennimann et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In the invaded range to minimize the risk of including parakeet occurrences that do not correspond to an established population we did not include observations from areas where evidence suggests introduced populations went extinct see Establishment success of invasive ring necked and monk parakeets in Europe amp Matthysen bInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
These parakeets are a globally widespread invasive species and they compete with native birds and bats and cause damage to crops Strubbe amp Matthysen aHern andezBrito et al Experimental evidence of impacts of an invasive parakeet on foraging behavior of native birds et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Spatially explicit predictions of invasion risk derived from bioclimatic envelope models also referred to as species distribution models SDM or ecological niche models ENM calibrated with native species distributions are increasingly incorporated into such invasive species risk assessments How can knowledge of the climate niche inform the weed risk assessment process A case study of Chrysanthemoides monilifera in Australia et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Such an invasion scenario has been found before for example Where do adaptive shifts occur during invasion A multidisciplinary approach to unravelling cold adaptation in a tropical ant species invading the Mediterranean area et alInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Predicting the impacts of climate change on the distribution of species are bioclimate envelope models useful  amp Dawson  suggested a hierarchical approach to modelling environmentbiota relationships whereby bioclimatic envelope models should form the first step identifying the broad outlines of species distributionsInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Niche theory indeed predicts that for relatively recent events such as biological invasions conservatism of the fundamental native niche is expected Ecological niche conservatism a timestructured review of evidence  although species may in the invaded range occupy different portions of their fundamental niche compared to the native range Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Subspecies are generally based on discontinuities in the geographical distribution of phenotypic traits instead of molecular phylogenies but can generally be considered useful proxies of patterns of divergence among populations Are subspecies useful in evolutionary and conservation biology amp Owens Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Indeed endotherms such as birds are often able to tolerate a wide range of environmental conditions but this comes at a potentially high energetic cost Size shape and the thermal niche of endotherms amp Kearney Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
As human activities tend to promote similar ecological conditions across biogeographical areas  Biodiversity concepts and urban ecosystems et al  species or populations associated with humanmodified habitats in the native range can be expected to successfully invade similar areas elsewhereInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Phylogenetic analysisTo identify native phylogroups Bayesian phylogenetic inference was implemented in MRBAYES v MrBayes  Bayesian phylogenetic inference under mixed models amp Huelsenbeck  using the CIPRES Science Gateway Miller et al  with  million generations over four parallel Monte Carlo Markov chains MCMC under an HKY evolutionary model Felsenstein Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
The human footprint a quantitative measure of human alteration of terrestrial environments based on human population size land use and infrastructure was derived from The human footprint and the last of the wild et alInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Yet although large numbers of parakeets from both Africa and Asia have been imported to Europe Feral rose ringed parakeets in Britain  more detailed knowledge on propagule pressure is required to rule out alternative explanations such as the possibility that more birds originating from colder parts of the native rang have escaped or been released across EuropeInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Indeed variance in laying dates between European and native Asian parakeet populations suggests that in Europe parakeets are delaying their breeding in response to colder temperatures  The effect of enemy release and climate conditions in invasive birds a regional test using the rose ringed parakeet Psittacula krameri as a case study et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Climate is generally recognized as a chief driver of species distributions at large spatial scales Ara ujo amp Peterson  although the broad distributional limits governed by climate may be modified by factors such as habitat availability biotic interactions and dispersal limitations Grinnellian and Eltonian niches and geographic distributions of species Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In Europe radiotracking  Clergeau amp Vergnes Invasive ring necked parakeets Psittacula krameri in Belgium habitat selection and impact on native birds amp Matthysen  and habitat selection studies Invasive ring necked parakeets Psittacula krameri in Belgium habitat selection and impact on native birds amp Matthysen Newson et al  indicate that parakeets prefer to forage in city parks and gardens where bird feeders and ornamental vegetation present parakeets with abundant foodInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
These parakeets are a globally widespread invasive species and they compete with native birds and bats and cause damage to crops Experimental evidence for nest site competition between invasive ringnecked parakeets Psittacula krameri and native nuthatches Sitta europaea  amp Matthysen aHern andezBrito et al Peck et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In contrast in southern Europe the subclade model predicts more extensive areas to be at risk of parakeet invasion reflecting the different weightings given by the clade and subclade model to climate and human modification of habitatsTaken together our results agree with other findings  Niche conservatism among non native vertebrates in Europe and North America et al Niche conservatism among non native vertebrates in Europe and North America et al  Early amp Sax Guisan et al Li et al  suggesting that while rapid postintroduction evolution ieInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Erroneous predictions of the potential distribution of invasive species are often attributed to species adaptations in response to selection pressures imposed by the novel environment Rapid evolution in introduced species invasive traits and recipient communities challenges for predicting invasive potential amp Gabler Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Pseudoabsences were generated randomly from all grid cells in background area that were not presences Do pseudo absence selection strategies influence species distribution models and their predictions An information theoretic approach based on simulated data amp Guisan Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In Europe radiotracking  Clergeau amp Vergnes Strubbe amp Matthysen  and habitat selection studies Strubbe amp Matthysen Impact of ringnecked parakeets on native birds et al  indicate that parakeets prefer to forage in city parks and gardens where bird feeders and ornamental vegetation present parakeets with abundant foodInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Climate influences species distributions directly through species physiological tolerances or indirectly through its effect on available habitats food resources and biotic interactions such as the presence of competitors Ara ujo amp Peterson  The role of biotic interactions in shaping distributions and realised assemblages of species implications for species distribution modelling et alInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Environmental variables considered are a set of eight climatic variables assumed to impose direct and indirect constraints on avian distributions Reopening the climate envelope reveals macroscale associations with climate in European birds et al  annual mean temperature bio mean temperature of the warmest month tmax mean temperature of the coldest month tmin temperature seasonality bio annual precipitation bio precipitation of the wettest month bio precipitation of the driest month bio and precipitation seasonality bioInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Across their native range they have benefited from the conversion of natural habitats to agroecosystems Evaluating curb as a crop repellent to West African bird pests Vertebrate Pest Control and Management Materials amp Beck Khan  and reach their highest breeding densities near human settlements and cultivated crops  Khan et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In Europe radiotracking  Bird feeders may sustain feral Rose ringed parakeets Psittacula krameri in temperate Europe amp Vergnes Strubbe amp Matthysen  and habitat selection studies Strubbe amp Matthysen Newson et al  indicate that parakeets prefer to forage in city parks and gardens where bird feeders and ornamental vegetation present parakeets with abundant foodInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Therefore we assess three key assumptions underlying bioclimatic envelope models  that species distributions are largely governed by climate Ara ujo amp Peterson   that a species current native distribution corresponds with the total set of climate conditions under which it can persist Peterson  and  that the climatic niche remains conserved across time and space  Evidence of climatic niche shift during biological invasion et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Phylogenetic analysisTo identify native phylogroups Bayesian phylogenetic inference was implemented in MRBAYES v Ronquist amp Huelsenbeck  using the CIPRES Science Gateway Miller et al  with  million generations over four parallel Monte Carlo Markov chains MCMC under an HKY evolutionary model Evolutionary trees from DNA sequences a maximum likelihood approach Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
In the colder parts of Europe parakeets increasingly breed in holes and crevices within the thermal insulation layers of buildings in Germany for example such a more favourable microclimate enables them to achieve a higher breeding success compared to natural cavities Welchen Einfluss hat die Geb auded ammung im Rahmen des EU Klimaschutzes auf die Brutbiologie tropischer Halsbandsittiche Psittacula krameri im gem a igten Mitteleuropa Ornithologische Gesellschaft Baden W urttemberg Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Taken together our results agree with other findings  Strubbe et al Strubbe et al  Early amp Sax Unifying niche shift studies insights from biological invasions et al Li et al  suggesting that while rapid postintroduction evolution ieInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
As eradication is frequently costly and sometimes impossible attempting to limit the further introduction and spread of invasive species is the most effective and costefficient management strategy  An ounce of prevention or a pound of cure bioeconomic risk analysis of invasive species et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Such traits may be genetically based and therefore likely to respond to selection Evolutionary response to climate change amp Holzapfel  in the parakeets invasive rangeInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
These parakeets are a globally widespread invasive species and they compete with native birds and bats and cause damage to crops Strubbe amp Matthysen aCrowding in the city losing and winning competitors of an invasive bird et al Peck et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
These variables were derived from the WorldClim database  Very high resolution interpolated climate surfaces for global land areas et al  and represent mean values over the  period at a  resolutionInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Background areas should reflect the set of areas a species could potentially have encountered since its presence in the region  The crucial role of the accessible area in ecological niche modeling and species distribution modeling Ecological Modelling et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Model transferability was assessed using European parakeet occurrence data n   applying the full range of evaluation statistics available in biomod plus two statistics specifically designed for presenceonly models the fold and the continuous Boyce index Evaluating the ability of habitat suitability models to predict species presences et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
However within the native range species may also evolve preadaptations to invasiveness strong selection imposed by human modification of habitats within the native range is likely to lead to adaptation prior to introduction elsewhere  Anthropogenically induced adaptation to invade AIAI contemporary adaptation to human altered habitats within the native range can promote invasions et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Traitbased species risk assessments consider association with humanmodified habitats in the native range to be a reliable predictor of invasion success Keller et al  especially for mammals and birds Determinants of vertebrate invasion success in Europe and North America amp Strayer Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
That way each lineage was represented in the overlapping area without sampling the same data point multiple times Investigating niche and lineage diversification in widely distributed taxa phylogeography and ecological niche modeling of the Peromyscus maniculatus species group et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Yet to elucidate the extent to which thermal and energetic constraints influence ringnecked parakeet distributional limits in their native versus nonnative ranges mechanistic niche models which use species functional traits and physiological tolerances for model fitting Modelling the ecological niche from functional traits et al  are requiredInvasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
Across their native range they have benefited from the conversion of natural habitats to agroecosystems Bruggers amp Beck Breeding habits of the rose ringed parakeet Psittacula krameri in the cultivations of Central Punjab  and reach their highest breeding densities near human settlements and cultivated crops  Breeding habits of the rose ringed parakeet Psittacula krameri in the cultivations of Central Punjab et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
To identify native haplotypes in the invasive range the combined native and invasive dataset was condensed into haplotypes using TCS  TCS a computer program to estimate gene genealogies et al Invasion success of a global avian invader is explained by withintaxon niche structure and association with humans in the native range
The issue of localization of gravitational wave signals with a detector network has been discussed previously and several different algorithms proposed Whitened Merger Waveform Autocorrelation Functions Implications for Inspiral Event Localization in Advanced LIGO TechTriangulation of gravitational wave sources with a network of detectors
This response function is then used to obtain the calibrated data Calibration of the LIGO detectors for S Tech   sf   Rf  vf  In a real detector the response function is time dependent however we assume that the response function is approximately constant over the duration of the signalTriangulation of gravitational wave sources with a network of detectors
Example Binary Coalescence Based on the results of recent searches Search for Gravitational Waves from Low Mass Binary Coalescences in the First Year of LIGO s S Data  we will take an SNR of  in each of the LIGO and Virgo detectors to be the approximate amplitude where a binary coalescence signal would stand above the noise backgroundTriangulation of gravitational wave sources with a network of detectors
The issue of localization of gravitational wave signals with a detector network has been discussed previously and several different algorithms proposed Perth  Proceedings Recent developments in theoretical and experimental general relativity gravitation and relativistic field theories Triangulation of gravitational wave sources with a network of detectors
The issue of localization of gravitational wave signals with a detector network has been discussed previously and several different algorithms proposed Coherent algorithm for reconstructing the location of a coalescing binary using a system of three gravitational wave interferometers PhTriangulation of gravitational wave sources with a network of detectors
Their results showed that at the beginning of the study cyclists had lower lumbar and hip BMD than the control group interestingly at the end of the study master cyclists had lost more BMD than controls Forearm and tibial bone measures of distance and sprint trained master cyclistsBone Related Health Status in Adolescent Cyclists
Peters and Langemann however remained in doubt about this concept partly due to the fact that this push does not work invariably for all animal or human subjects Martin et al White to brown fat phenotypic switch induced by genetic and environmental activation of a hypothalamic adipocyte axis et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
puSh and pull partS of energy Supply control SyStemThe role of depots as determined by a general principle in economic supply chains is energy buffering in unstable environments When to store energy in a stochastic environment et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Oral fat stimulation had no positive or negative moodrelated effects whereas sucrose shifted emotional spectrum toward positive scores Fat taste and lipid metabolism in humans CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
It is interesting that even below the ketogenic threshold the lower CHO proportion was the higher neuroprotective effects were reported eg against hypoxia  Diet induced ketosis increases capillary density without altered blood flow in rat brain et alCarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
To sum it up fat per se is neither as highly rewarding as CHO nor it is as addictive  Wojnicki et al Avena et al Withdrawal from free choice high fat high sugar diet induces craving only in obesityprone animals et al Berthoud et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
We chose our title by analogy but applied it in a different context ie the competition for energy resources  The selfish brain competition for energy resources et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
This metabolic mode typical for consumers of the Western diet  Origins and evolution of the Western diet health implications for the st century et al Seneff et al  is characterized by overgeneration of reactive oxygen species and advanced glycation products both of which are implicated in many of the neurodegenerative diseases Tessier Vicente Miranda and Outeiro Auburger and Kurz CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Their traits notwithstanding these behaviors are highly evolutionary significant Although at first glance hijacking of the homeostatic regulatory mechanisms by its hedonic counterpart may seem conflicting it should be borne in mind that during evolution humans have lived in an environment where food availability was restricted and uncertain eg huntergatherers and the biological system has been hardwired to maximize energy stores Neurobiology of overeating and obesity the role of melanocortins and beyond et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
This metabolic mode typical for consumers of the Western diet  Cordain et al Nutrition and Alzheimer s disease the detrimental role of a high carbohydrate diet et al  is characterized by overgeneration of reactive oxygen species and advanced glycation products both of which are implicated in many of the neurodegenerative diseases Tessier Vicente Miranda and Outeiro Auburger and Kurz CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Peters and Langemann however remained in doubt about this concept partly due to the fact that this push does not work invariably for all animal or human subjects Control laboratory rodents are metabolically morbid why it matters et al Cao et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
In this system either the size of fat depot The role of depot fat in the hypothalamic control of food intake in the rat Woods and Ramsay  or glucose levels Mayer  are being controlledCarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Using marketing muscle to sell fat the rise of obesity in the modern economy wrote In this paradigm overeating results from more extensive advertising new product development increased portion sizes and other tactics of food marketers that have caused shifts in the underlying demand for total food calories Using marketing muscle to sell fat the rise of obesity in the modern economy CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Later Objects and methods of diet adjustment in diabetes  Where KR is ketogenic ratio g is grams P is protein F is fat and C is CHOWilder and Winter  defined the threshold of ketogenesis explaining it from the standpoint of condition where either ketone bodies or glucose can be oxidizedCarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
A century ago The action of glycol aldehyd and glycerin aldehyd in diabetes mellitus and the nature of antiketogenesis wrote antiketogenesis is an effect due to certain products which occur in the oxidation of glucose an interaction between these products on the one hand and one or more of the acetone bodies on the other The action of glycol aldehyd and glycerin aldehyd in diabetes mellitus and the nature of antiketogenesis CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
As early as in  Environmental contributions to the obesity epidemic and Peters wrote According to the push principle the environment pushes excess amounts of energy into the organism  Environmental contributions to the obesity epidemic and Peters They also share a common mechanism rewardCarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
On the other hand experiments with the nocalorie fat substitute Olestra revealed an impaired ability to use sensory cues associated with fat to predict caloric outcomes Fat substitutes promote weight gain in rats consuming high fat diets et al CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
These regions were unresponsive to sweet nonCHO stimulation with saccharin Oral carbohydrate sensing and exercise performance and Chambers CarbohydrateBiased Control of Energy Metabolism The Darker Side of the Selfish Brain
Furthermore our form of pragmatism veers in the direction of including  features associated with the transformative paradigm as elucidated by Philosophy in mixed methods teaching The transformative paradigm as illustration Active facilitation of focus groups exploring the implementation of inclusive education with research participants
We support Overview of contemporary issues in mixed methods research and Tashakkoris  suggestion that a methodologically eclectic approach enables all researchers involved in a project to contribute to that project and to creatively add new contributionsideas on how to develop the projectActive facilitation of focus groups exploring the implementation of inclusive education with research participants
Re framing education exclusion and inclusion discourses Limits and possibilities amp Soudien Tlale Miles amp Singal Paugh amp DudleyMarling Nel Mller Hugo Helldin Bckmann Dwyer amp Skarlind Ngcobo amp Muthukrishna Ntombela Hill Baxen Craig amp Namakula Active facilitation of focus groups exploring the implementation of inclusive education with research participants
Our pragmatism can be classed as what Onwuegbuzie Comments on Howe Toward a more inclusive andCollins  refer to as a dialectical pragmatism this form of pragmatism embraces a philosophy of careful listening to multiple perspectives rather than upholding a strong form of realismActive facilitation of focus groups exploring the implementation of inclusive education with research participants
Our active involvement in offering content interventions is in line too with The active interview and Gubriums  account of active interviewing although they discuss this more in terms of onetoone interview encounters rather than focus group sessionsActive facilitation of focus groups exploring the implementation of inclusive education with research participants
In lieu of direct respiratory measures established algorithms  Moody et al Moody et al   that have been successively improved eg Park et al Principal component analysis as a tool for analyzing beat to beat changes in ECG features application to ECG derived respiration et al  can also provide an appropriate surrogate measure of respiration from based on ECG signal morphologyConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Indeed cardiorespiratory interaction has been variously quantified as primarily respirationtoheart rate Rosenblum et al Zhu et al  heart ratetorespiration  Larsen et al Cardioventilatory coupling in resting human subjects et al  or neither ie bidirectional Porta et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Water consumption has also been shown to increase HFHRV in particular  Cardiac vagal response to water ingestion in normal human subjects et al  due to the vagal buffering response to the pressor effect provoked by hypoosmotic fluids Scott et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
In addition basal respiratory frequency has a nonlinear relationship with spectral power as breathing rate falls below approximately  Hz as it occasionally does in athletes The breathing effect of the LF HF ratio in the heart rate variability measurements of athletes et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Consequently the typically functioning respiratory system is presently characterized by complex breathtobreath variations in respiratory rate and depth Temporal variations in the pattern of breathing  coupled with both heart period and blood pressure oscillations in a network of continual comodificationConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Few papers ideally control for medication food and water consumption bladder filling time of day and other extraneous factors Tak et al Everything Hertz methodological issues in short term frequency domain HRV Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
While removing slow or DC trends from short periods of HRV will create a quasistationary series eg Tarvainen et al  HRV in general displays the characteristics of a nonlinear signal given the biological origin and the origin of HRV deriving from sum of processes that operate on a variety of time scales Winfree Geometry of the Poincar plot of RR intervals and its asymmetry in healthy adults and Guzik Stein et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Poincar plots have been demonstrated to shown to display significant asymmetry in approximately  of individuals Heart rate asymmetry by Poincar plots of RR intervals et al Porta et al  with the plot cloud above the identity line appearing larger than the plot cloud below the lineConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
There are major biobehavioral theories that suggest that HRV can be used to investigate the central relationship between autonomic regulation and interpersonal interaction Orienting in a defensive world mammalian modifications of our evolutionary heritage A polyvagal theory Thayer and Lane Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
To wit by controlling for breathing in HRV recordings the researcher is removing an important influence on HRV but see Toward understanding respiratory sinus arrhythmia relations to cardiac vagal tone evolution and biobehavioral functions and Taylor Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
However here sympathetic outflow was indexed by normalized low frequency HRV which is not straightforwardly related to SNS activity eg Grassi and Esler Moak et al Goedhart et al The LF HF ratio does not accurately measure cardiac sympatho vagal balance The LF HF ratio does not accurately measure cardiac sympatho vagal balance  a so this latter claim requires further empirical support using indices that more directly index cardiac sympathetic outflowConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
While it may be the case that HRV can be used as a neurobiological index of interpersonal interaction significant caveats exist due to the complicated nature of HRV and consequently uncertainty regarding what information is actually provided by common HRV indices  Berntson et al Malpas Heart rate variability a historical perspective Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Indeed to appropriately detect a difference between groups a sample size between  and  depending on the HRV metric used is needed  Heart rate variability measures a fresh look at reliability et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Moreover the mental stress that usually accompanies these tasks can also disorder general respiratory coordination  A sigh following sustained attention and mental stress effects on respiratory variability et al bConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
THE IMPACT OF RESPIRATION DURING SOCIALEMOTIONAL TASKSSocialemotional tasks have been shown to reduce breathing variability Sigh rate and respiratory variability during mental load and sustained attention et al  even for positively valenced emotions Boiten  due to the lockedin attention often required during socialemotional tasksConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Indeed cardiorespiratory interaction has been variously quantified as primarily respirationtoheart rate Rosenblum et al Zhu et al  heart ratetorespiration  Cardioventilatory coupling effects of IPPV et al Tzeng et al  or neither ie bidirectional Porta et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
For instance a breathing rate of  breaths per minute corresponds with a phase angle increase of    continuing to a phase angle of   with  breaths per minute Respiratory sinus arrhythmia a frequency dependent phenomenon and Coulter Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Intriguingly the degree of coupling may be higher when HRV is increased and at lower breathing frequencies  Cardioventilatory coupling in heart rate variability methods for qualitative and quantitative determination and Larsen Tzeng et al  suggesting that unhealthy populations or experiments that are designed to reduce HRV may be more prone to decoupling of cardiorespiratory oscillationsConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Indeed cardiorespiratory interaction has been variously quantified as primarily respirationtoheart rate Rosenblum et al Zhu et al  heart ratetorespiration  Larsen et al Tzeng et al  or neither ie bidirectional Cardiovascular control and time domain Granger causality insights from selective autonomic blockade et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Nevertheless it is possible to mathematically correct for the influence of the prevailing HR on HRV Sacha Effect of heart rate correction on pre and post exercise heart rate variability to predict risk of mortality an experimental study on the FINCAVAS cohort et al  which may also improve the reproducibility of HRV  Sacha et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Consistent with this theory reduced HRV has been observed in psychiatric disorders characterized by poor social cognition and emotion regulation  Br et al A Meta analysis on the impact of alcohol dependence on short term resting state heart rate variability implications for cardiovascular risk et al bConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
While this model is still popular it is directly at odds with a great deal of available evidence for instance that neuropeptide Y directly mediates transmission between adrenergic and muscarinic neurons Sympathetic parasympathetic interactions at the heart possibly involving neuropeptide Y in anaesthetized dogs and McCloskey Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Poincar plots have been demonstrated to shown to display significant asymmetry in approximately  of individuals Guzik et al Piskorski and Guzik Temporal asymmetries of short term heart period variability are linked to autonomic regulation et al  with the plot cloud above the identity line appearing larger than the plot cloud below the lineConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Indeed cardiorespiratory interaction has been variously quantified as primarily respirationtoheart rate Identification of coupling direction application to cardiorespiratory interaction et al Zhu et al  heart ratetorespiration  Larsen et al Tzeng et al  or neither ie bidirectional Porta et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Finally continual focused attention eg during psychometrics tasks has been shown in a number of studies  Mulder and Mulder Operator effort and the measurement of heart rate variability et al Middleton et al  to reduce LF HRV which creates further difficulties for interpretationConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
A popular alternative to complete rest is the Vanilla baseline Jennings et al  which requires subjects to perform a trivial counting task requiring sustained attention but minimal cognitive load as opposed to what the authors term enforced relaxation Other similar approaches have been attempted eg An alternative approach for achieving cardiovascular baseline viewing an aquatic video et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Additionally the relationship between HRV and vagal modulation is complex in itself with a large interindividual variation  Incongruous changes in heart period and heart rate variability with vagotonic atropine implications for rehabilitation medicine et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
In addition both bladder and gastric distension can also have an appreciable influence on HRV these have been associated with increases in blood pressure and sympathetic outflow Fagius and Karhuvaara Stomach distension increases efferent muscle sympathetic nerve activity and blood pressure in healthy humans et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
While this approach has utility during resting state registration this procedure may inadvertently influence HRV during emotional or cognitive tasks as the participant has to consciously follow the pacing cue in addition to paying attention to the experimental task dual attention in a number of contexts significantly increases task difficulty Dual task interference in simple tasks data and theory Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
In lieu of direct respiratory measures established algorithms  Moody et al Moody et al   that have been successively improved eg An improved algorithm for respiration signal extraction from electrocardiogram measured by conductive textile electrodes using instantaneous frequency estimation et al Langley et al  can also provide an appropriate surrogate measure of respiration from based on ECG signal morphologyConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Frontiers in Psychology  Emotion Sciencephysical activity levels  Britton et al SoaresMiranda et al  and age Heart rate variability in healthy subjects effect of age and the derivation of normal ranges for tests of autonomic function et al Considerations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Likewise recent interest in data uploading and retention eg Scientific utopia II Restructuring incentives and practices to promote truth over publishability et al  has received little systematic attention in cardiac psychophysiology so far even though a data retention is a American Psychological Association requirement American psychological association APA  and b the ability to broadly access raw data is a potentially excellent control for the methodological and analytical issues outlined here as well as a test bed for the development of future HRV metrics and metaanalysisConsiderations in the assessment of heart rate variability in biobehavioral research
Recently temperature was also shown to affect the concentration of ribosomes in phytoplankton at a constant protein synthesis relatively more ribosomes are needed at low temperature The impact of temperature on marine phytoplankton resource allocation and metabolismInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
the compensation light intensity E c  and finally the light saturation parameter E k  Parameters of photosynthesis definitions theory and interpretation of resultsInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Primary production and the photosynthetic quotientLight and temperature have several wellknown effects on primary production Aquatic photosynthesisInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
The influence of these parameters on production is most often studied independently whereas interaction effects such as the temperature dependent nature of light utilization for photosynthesis may be expected A dynamic regulatory model of phytoplankton acclimation to light nutrients and temperatureInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
 Redfield revisited variability of C N P in marine microalgae and its biochemical basis pointed out in their review on algal stoichiometry that relatively few studies examine the phenotypic flexibility in CNP during exponential growth and that more studies are needed in order to better understand the effect of temperature and light on these ratiosInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Strong latitudinal patterns in the CNP ratio was recently described and a lower than average ratio was associated with high latitudes Strong latitudinal patterns in the elemental ratios of marine plankton and organic matterInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
 suggested this lower CNP ratio to be caused by the largely diatom dominated communities present in cold water but diatoms have also been associated with higher CNP ratio Spring bloom community change modifies carbon pathways and C N P Chl a stoichiometry of coastal material fluxesInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
In this study we present growth element stoichiometry and primary production of a coldwater adapted model organism Chaetoceros wighamii a common bloom forming diatom in the Baltic Sea On the ecology of cold water phytoplankton in the Baltic Sea subjected to a range of growth conditions around its known optimumInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Most of the focus on interaction effects between different environmental variables stems from work on lakes Analysis and modelling of the interactive effects of temperature and light on phytoplankton growth and relevance for the spring bloomInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Another process that will affect the PQ is photorespiration which is a process consuming the O  produced during photosynthesis and thereby lowering the PQ Phytoplankton productivity Carbon assimilation in marine and freshwater ecosystemsInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
For Pycnococcus provasolii it has been shown that the PQ was affected by both light acclimation and incubation light intensity The influence of irradiance on the apparent photosynthetic quotient in the unicellular alga Pycnococcus provasolii where decreasing growth light decreased the PQInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Surplus N can be stored as protein free amino acids or put into photosynthetic pigments  and P can be stored as polyphosphate A continuos culture of phosphate uptake growth rate and polyphosphate in Scenedesmus spInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Surplus N can be stored as protein free amino acids or put into photosynthetic pigments Effects of N P atomic ratios and nitrate limitation on algal growth cell composition and nitrate uptake and P can be stored as polyphosphate Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Traditionally factors such as the growthlimiting nutrient have been used to model nutrient uptake and growth Vitamin B and marine ecology IV The kinetics of uptake growth and inhibition in Monochrysis lutheri and recent advances have started to incorporate uptakeprotein regulation into this equation Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
The excess carbon can be stored as an energy reserve such as lipids Lipids and lipid metabolism in eukaryotic algaeInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
The CChl a ratio was as expected strongly influenced by light acclimation as the cells acclimate to low light conditions by increasing photosynthetic pigmentation Light and photosynthesis in aquatic ecosystemsInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Goldman revisited Fastergrowing phytoplankton has lower N P and lower stoichiometric flexibility found a similar trend of decreasing NP ratio and The photosynthetic quotient PQ mol O  produced per mol C fixed at exponential and stationary growth phases both N and P limited and at the initial slope  and photosynthetic maximum Pm of the PE curveInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Increasing rRNA coupled with increasing growth rates have been shown to decrease the NP ratio over a range of different organisms and biotopes Growth rate stoichiometry couplings in diverse biotaInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
There is little evidence to suggest temperature effects on C Chl a ratio  but similar results were found in the cold water diatom Skeletonema costatum which had higher variability in the Chl a content per cell at low temperatures Effect of temperature on light limited growth and chemical composition of Skeletonema costatum Bacillariophyceae Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
wighamii were similar to published values Ecophysiological growth characteristics and modeling of the onset of the spring bloom in the Baltic Sea but expanded on these by including the interaction effect between light and temperature and also including different nutrient limitationInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Photorespiration is a net loss process where O  replaces CO  at the rubisco enzyme catalyzing the carbon fixation resulting in consumption of  O  for every CO  produced Phytoplankton reference communities for Chesapeake Bay and its tidal tributariesInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Photorespiration may serve a function such as a protective mechanism to avoid reactive oxygen species during photosynthesis Photorespiration protects C plants from photooxidation or in the assimilation of nitrate Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Traditionally factors such as the growthlimiting nutrient have been used to model nutrient uptake and growth  and recent advances have started to incorporate uptakeprotein regulation into this equation Optimal allocation backs Droop s cell quota modelInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Traditionally factors such as the growthlimiting nutrient have been used to model nutrient uptake and growth  and recent advances have started to incorporate uptakeprotein regulation into this equation A model for variable phytoplankton stoichiometry based on cell protein regulationInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Gross photosynthesis was calculated by adding the respiration measured in the dark bottles to net productionCarbon incorporation was determined using the  C isotope The use of radioactive carbon for measuring organic production in the seaInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Most oceanic biogeochemical models include dynamic CChl a ratios with photoacclimation parameterization  and it is important to understand interaction effects of several environmental parameters for improved parameterization Comparative physiological study of marine diatoms and dinoflagellates in relation to irradiance and cell size II Relationship between photosynthesis growth and carbon chlorophyll a ratioInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
However different cellular components have specific stoichiometric fingerprints and growth rate will affect the ratio between different elements Growth rate influence on the chemical composition of phytoplankton in oceanic watersInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
For example there tend to be greater allocation of resources to P rich RNA during exponential growth reducing the NP ratio and the NP ratio has different optima for different growth conditions the canonical NP of  represents rather an average of a whole community than the optimum for individual species Optimal nitrogen to phosphorus stoichiometry of phytoplanktonInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
This ratio is highly dynamic depending on environmental variables such as light and temperature Light and temperature dependence of the carbon to chlorophyll a ratio in microalgae and cyanobacteria implications for physiology and growth of phytoplankton which should be taken into account when modeling ocean biochemical processes Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
This ratio is highly dynamic depending on environmental variables such as light and temperature  which should be taken into account when modeling ocean biochemical processes Relevance of various formulations of phytoplankton chlorophyll a carbon ratio in a D marine ecosystem modelInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Most oceanic biogeochemical models include dynamic CChl a ratios with photoacclimation parameterization Carbon to chlorophyll ratio and growth rate of phytoplankton in the sea and it is important to understand interaction effects of several environmental parameters for improved parameterization Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Most oceanic biogeochemical models include dynamic CChl a ratios with photoacclimation parameterization A dynamic model of the cellular carbon to chlorophyll ratio applied to a batch culture and a continental shelf ecosystem and it is important to understand interaction effects of several environmental parameters for improved parameterization Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Most oceanic biogeochemical models include dynamic CChl a ratios with photoacclimation parameterization  and it is important to understand interaction effects of several environmental parameters for improved parameterization Seasonal and latitudinal dependencies of phytoplankton carbon tochlorophyll a ratios results of a modelling studyInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
After the incubation period  min L M HCl was added and the scintillation vials were left open for  days after which  mL Hi Safe scintillation liquid was added Acidification and bubbling as an altemative to filtration in determining phytoplankton production by the C methodInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Furthermore when the N source is nitrate that needs to be reduced the PQ will be higher compared to a situation where ammonium is the N source Agreement between the c  and oxygen methods of measuring phytoplankton production reassessment of the photosynthetic quotientInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Coastal areas in arctic or subarctic regions will be subjected to many of the same changes but relatively few studies have addressed interaction effects in these areas in particular for cold water adapted phytoplankton species Light temperature interactions in the control of photosynthesis in Antarctic phytoplanktonInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Culture acclimation and growthChaetoceros wighamii was adopted from the culture collection of the Tvrminne Zoological Station strain TVCWI and cultured in T medium at  PSU which is a modified f medium Culture of phytoplankton for feeding marine invertebrates with NSiP nutrient ratios adjusted to  previously suggested to be close to optimal for this diatom Interaction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
Photorespiration may serve a function such as a protective mechanism to avoid reactive oxygen species during photosynthesis  or in the assimilation of nitrate Nitrate assimilation in plant shoots depends on photorespirationInteraction Effects of Light Temperature and Nutrient Limitations N P and Si on Growth Stoichiometry and Photosynthetic Parameters of the ColdWater Diatom Chaetoceros wighamii
It has also been found that psychological factors might explain more about the impact of dental disorders upon individuals than their clinical symptoms Does psychological well being influence oral health related quality of life reports in children receiving orthodontic treatment  What is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren The relationship between normative orthodontic treatment need and oral health related quality of life as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
Using a technique of altering the arrangements of the teeth on standardised photographs of young people smiling The influence of children s dentofacial appearance on their social attractiveness as judged by peers and lay adults and colleagues showed that the appearance of teeth could influence the social judgements made by their peers about the person in the photograph The influence of children s dentofacial appearance on their social attractiveness as judged by peers and lay adults  however dental appearance did not affect the judgements made by teachersWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
Is the short form Child Perceptions Questionnaire meaningful and relevant to children with malocclusion in the UK  and colleagues have expressed concern that generic measures of OHQoL might not fully capture the impact that malocclusion has suggested the development of a malocclusion specific measure of OHQoL for young people with malocclusionWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
It has also been found that psychological factors might explain more about the impact of dental disorders upon individuals than their clinical symptoms What psychosocial factors influence adolescents oral health  What is the value of orthodontic treatment
It has also been found that psychological factors might explain more about the impact of dental disorders upon individuals than their clinical symptoms Enhancing oral health via sense of coherence a cluster randomized trial What is the value of orthodontic treatment
It has also been found that psychological factors might explain more about the impact of dental disorders upon individuals than their clinical symptoms Impact of self esteem on the oral health related quality of life of children with malocclusion What is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Validation of the Child Perceptions Questionnaire CPQ    as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Malocclusion esthetic impact and quality of life among Brazilian schoolchildren as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren The child perception questionnaire is valid for malocclusions in the United Kingdom as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Condition specific sociodental impacts attributed to different anterior occlusal traits in Brazilian adolescents as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Impacts on daily performances attributed to malocclusions using the condition specific feature of the Oral Impacts on Daily Performances Index as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Impacts on daily performances attributed to malocclusions by British adolescents as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Aesthetic impact of malocclusion in the daily living of Brazilian adolescents as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Clinical status in adolescents is its impact on oral health related quality of life influenced by psychological characteristics  as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
Life span development of self esteem and its effects on important life outcomes and colleagues  found that better life outcomes were usually a consequence of rather than a cause of high selfesteemWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
 Psychological outcomes Letter  cites the work of Diener and colleagues who have studied the ability of people to adapt over time to new situations and extreme life eventsWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
Interpreting oral health related quality of life data Marshman and colleagues  have expressed concern that generic measures of OHQoL might not fully capture the impact that malocclusion has suggested the development of a malocclusion specific measure of OHQoL for young people with malocclusionWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
Oral health related quality of life what why how and future implications Marshman and colleagues  have expressed concern that generic measures of OHQoL might not fully capture the impact that malocclusion has suggested the development of a malocclusion specific measure of OHQoL for young people with malocclusionWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
What do measures of oral health related quality of life measure  Marshman and colleagues  have expressed concern that generic measures of OHQoL might not fully capture the impact that malocclusion has suggested the development of a malocclusion specific measure of OHQoL for young people with malocclusionWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
This has been found in nonclinical populations mainly schoolchildren Impact of malocclusion on quality of life among New Zealand adolescents as well as young people referred for orthodontic treatmentWhat is the value of orthodontic treatment
We use the term scenario to describe a plausible comprehensive integrated and consistent description of how the future might unfold Special report on emissions scenarios a special report of working group III of the intergovernmental panel on climate change et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
The new scenarios were needed to address various issues such as the growing interest in mitigation scenarios the need for more recent base year data and the specific data needs of stateoftheart models see also Adaptation in first and second best worlds Current Opinion in Environmental Sustainability and Yohe A new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
As the first step the IAM community  developed a set of concentration pathways the Representative Concentration Pathways or RCPs that were used by the ESM community to project the magnitude and extent of climate change An overview of CMIP and the experiment design et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
In that sense it is also useful to use the earlier published quantifications of scenarios   eds Millennium ecosystem assessment scenarios assessment et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
There are large uncertainties surrounding model projections of future climate for a given level of radiative forcing due to factors such as the inherent unpredictability of natural climatic variations global climate sensitivity in response to anthropogenic forcing and regional patterns of climate response Regional climate projections et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
The roadmap for the new scenario process was described in The next generation of scenarios for climate change research and assessment et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
The  Wm level has been added to illustrate that other levels of radiative forcing than the four RCPs may also be explored Fourth Assessment Report when scenarios were classified on the basis of resemblance to one of the SRES scenarios when accounting for costs Issues related to mitigation in the long term context et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
Such methods are commonly applied in IAVanalysis although multiple criteria are normally applied in determining the final selection of representative climate scenarios to be used IPCCTGICA A review of climate risk information for adaptation and development planning et alA new scenario framework for Climate Change Research scenario matrix architecture
Post partum weight change patterns in the WHO Multicentre Growth Reference Study included  additional studiesBreastfeeding and maternal health outcomes a systematic review and metaanalysis
For mothers breastfeeding has been reported to confer lower risk of breast and ovarian carcinoma A summary of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality s evidence report on breastfeeding in developed countries greater postpartum weight loss  and decreased blood pressure  compared with no breastfeedingBreastfeeding and maternal health outcomes a systematic review and metaanalysis
Comparative case referent study of risk factors among hormone related female cancers in Japan showed that mothers who ever breastfed their children had a  reduction in the risk of ovarian carcinoma when compared with those who never breastfed OR   CI  Tables  and A FigBreastfeeding and maternal health outcomes a systematic review and metaanalysis
In particular we focus on the unexplored HL task finding that only twenty papers provide enough information to be included in the survey out of more than five hundreds studies that cite Risk aversion and incentive effects and Laury A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
Similar findings emerge with the Eckel and Grossman  task with sizable gender differences appearing both in the experiment presenting the task as well as in later replications  Arya et al Ball et al Crosetto and Filippin bEliciting risk preferences When is simple better  et al Eckel et al Eckel et al  Grossman and Eckel A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
Similar findings emerge with the Eckel and Grossman  task with sizable gender differences appearing both in the experiment presenting the task as well as in later replications  Arya et al Ball et al A theoretical and experimental appraisal of five risk elicitation methods Jena Economic Research Papers   and Filippin bDave et al Eckel et al Eckel et al  Grossman and Eckel A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
As noted by Strong Evidence for Gender Differences in Risk Taking and Gneezy  the differences in the methods used to measure the preferences can act as an additional source of heterogeneityA Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
Observing a gender gap not only depends on the task being contextual or not Chapter  men women and risk aversion Experimental evidence  and Grossman a on it having to do with risk or with uncertainty Wieland and Sarin  or on the choices being incentivized selfreported or observed  Byrnes et al A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
This interpretation suggests that the positive correlation between risk aversion and IQ emphasized among others by Are risk aversion and impatience related to cognitive ability  et alA Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes A Reconsideration of Gender Differences in Risk Attitudes
IntroductionThis paper examines the technical and persuasive rhetorical dimensions Accounting for rationality doubleentry bookkeeping and the rhetoric of economic rationality and Espeland  of a specific genealogy of calculation Miller and Napier  located local in both space and time Carnegie and Napier  pA genealogy of calculations at an early Queensland sugar mill
Initially these objections appeared to be on the grounds that indentured labour was a form of kidnapping or slavery and that workers were mistreated Morrison Moore Barker and Byford The Call for Recognition Moore Exclusion Exploitation and Extermination Race Relations in Colonial Queensland et al Andrew and Cook A genealogy of calculations at an early Queensland sugar mill
The recruiting of Pacific islanders began without official approval The Blackbirders The Recruiting of South Seas Labour for Queensland Parnaby A genealogy of calculations at an early Queensland sugar mill
Sugar production was agriculturally appropriate and at the time a good economic prospect An oral history of descendants of the South Sea Islanders Kanakas Maurice Caudrey Productions A genealogy of calculations at an early Queensland sugar mill
This paper examines the technical and persuasive rhetorical dimensions Carruthers and Espeland  of a specific genealogy of calculation Genealogies of calculation and Napier  located local in both space and time Carnegie and Napier  pA genealogy of calculations at an early Queensland sugar mill
 and   on a global scale urban land expansion will be much more rapid than urban population growthin some places resulting in large complex urbanizing regions comprised of aggregations of interconnected cities and interspersed rural landscapes with multiple impacts dependence and feedbacks  Urban land teleconnections and sustainability et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Human History and UrbanizationHistory offers many lessons relevant to sustainability by exhibiting how humans and their societies have recognized and responded to challenges and opportunities of their natural environment Human impact on ancient environments  Diamond  Costanza et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
In Stockholm for instance ordinary citizens were not allowed to enter such parks and gardens until the mids  History and local management of a biodiversity rich urban cultural landscape et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
In both of these cases agriculture within the broadly defi ned urban boundaries provided a major share of the citys subsistence this highlights the ancient roots of the modern revival of urban agriculture  Urban gardens agricultures and waters Sources of resilience for long term food security in cities and Isendahl  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Cities in MesoAmerica traded a variety of food commodities both shortand longdistance Dunning  Agro urban landscapes The example of Maya lowland cities   but seasonally impassable rivers and energetically costly overland transports put a relatively high cost on trade and inhibited bulkstaple exchange Agro urban landscapes The example of Maya lowland cities Agro urban landscapes The example of Maya lowland cities  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The infields were used as household farmstead gardens which concentrated agricultural knowledge and stewardship of the agricultural biodiversity that was the ultimate survival strategy for the populace Exploring the legacy of the Maya forest and Emery  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The most difficult blockade on the food supply lines at the end of the fourteenth century AD lasted an astonishing  years but it did not succeed in starving out the urban population  The urban Anthropocene Lessons for sustainability from the environmental history of Constantinople et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Scholars have identified this settlement structure among the cities of the Khmer of early medieval Cambodia the classic Maya of Central America and some precolonial African societies  A comprehensive archaeological map of the world s largest preindustrial settlement complex at Angkor Cambodia et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Human History and UrbanizationHistory offers many lessons relevant to sustainability by exhibiting how humans and their societies have recognized and responded to challenges and opportunities of their natural environment Redman  Down on the farm Classic Maya houselots as farmsteads  Costanza et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Ecosystem services are defined as the direct and indirect benefi ts people obtain from ecosystems  The value of the world s ecosystem services and natural capital et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Natural capital our ecological life support systemand social capital our myriad relationships with each otherwere viewed to be abundant  An introduction to ecological economics et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The cities of antiquity in Mesopotamia and other regions responded to the specific opportunities and constraints of their local social and ecological environment yet general patterns emerged that share commonality with contemporary cities and may provide useful insights Urban environments Issues on the peri urban fringe  Smith  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The idea of cities as separate entities essentially detached from their broader lifesupport systems Urbanism as a way of life   was strongly linked to major innovations in transportation technology as Chicago became an important hub in the USHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The urban elite also experienced a shift away from traditional subsistence practices and began to focus on the net produce they were able to extract from the countryside or urban industries and insisted on maximum production with little knowledge of or concern for the potential deleterious effects on the rural landscape Salt and silt in ancient Mesopotamian agriculture and Adams  Redman  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
It is in the cultural landscapes that biodiversity and ecosystem services are produced and over which growing cities expand  Towards an integrated understanding of green space in the European built environment Urban Forestry and Urban Greening et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
  in what some are even calling a new geologic erathe Anthropocene Crutzen  The Anthropocene From global change to planetary stewardship et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
The cities of antiquity in Mesopotamia and other regions responded to the specifi c opportunities and constraints of their local social and ecological environment yet general patterns emerged that share commonality with contemporary cities and may provide useful insights Simon  The role of ancient cities in research on contemporary urbanization  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Strength agility and intelligence certainly were important but which family clan and class one was born into set the limits on ones future potential in the age of early cities to some extent these constraints continue to operate today Adams  Prahalad  Seeing like a state How certain schemes to improve the human condition have failed  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
However clear delineations between urban and rural areas and use of urban green spaces for purely recreational purposes did not emerge until the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and were reinforced by the development of a globalized economy the fossil fuel energy regime and technological innovations such as the steam engine and the railway McNeill  Barthel and Isendahl  Barthel et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Conventional economic valuation presumes that people have wellformed preferences and enough information about tradeoffs that they can adequately judge their willingnesstopay Since these assumptions do not hold for many ecosystem services  The evolution of preferences Why sovereign preferences may not lead to sustainable policies and what to do about it et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Strength agility and intelligence certainly were important but which family clan and class one was born into set the limits on ones future potential in the age of early cities to some extent these constraints continue to operate today Adams  The fortune at the bottom of the pyramid Eradicating poverty through profi ts  Scott  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
From the earliest times in Mesopotamia and in other regions aggregations of people and their wealth have been threatened by military hostilities and they have repeatedly sought refuge behind strong defensive fortifi cations The rise of civilization From early farmers to urban society in the ancient near east  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Indeed one of the hallmarks of contemporary urbanization is that urban areas are growing faster and larger than they did in the past as well in new geographic locations  Global forecasts of urban expansion to  and direct impacts on biodiversity and carbon pools et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Some have also argued that we have already moved beyond the Anthropocene into the new urban era  The new geography of contemporary urbanization and the environment et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Strength agility and intelligence certainly were important but which family clan and class one was born into set the limits on ones future potential in the age of early cities to some extent these constraints continue to operate today The evolution of urban society  Prahalad  Scott  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Continuity is carried by memory as in memory of past environmental responses carried in the genes of organisms in community compositions and in habitat legacies as well as in people carrying social memory such as oral tradition rituals institutions and tools that guide management practices  Social ecological memory in urban gardensRetaining the capacity for management of ecosystem services et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Although these supply lines were subjected to the diffi cult winds of the eastern Mediterranean and the fl uctuations of Nile river dynamics the most severe threats to food security were the sieges and blockades that distinctly cut foodand watersupply lines these disruptions occurred on average every  years during the last  years  The urban mind Cultural and environmental dynamics Studies in global archaeology  et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
However clear delineations between urban and rural areas and use of urban green spaces for purely recreational purposes did not emerge until the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and were reinforced by the development of a globalized economy the fossil fuel energy regime and technological innovations such as the steam engine and the railway McNeill  Food and green space in cities A resilience lens on urban gardens and urban environmental movements and Isendahl  Food and green space in cities A resilience lens on urban gardens and urban environmental movements et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
This pattern of densely packed housing and central institutions within the walls and residential settlement spreading far beyond the walls was frequent in the Near East Asia and Medieval Europe City and environment and Modarres  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
This is at the heart of what scholars call the Urban Revolution and it appears to have occurred fi rst in Mesopotamia The urban revolution The Town Planning Review  Redman  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Human History and UrbanizationHistory offers many lessons relevant to sustainability by exhibiting how humans and their societies have recognized and responded to challenges and opportunities of their natural environment Redman  Diamond  Sustainability or collapse An integrated history and future of people on earth et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
 and have shifted into a humandominated planet and into a new fullworld context Economics in a full world  History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
However since the beginning of the industrial revolution and especially after the start of the great acceleration following the end of WWII there has been rapid economic expansion coupled with rapid urban growthall driven by rapid expansion of fossil fuel use especially oil  Sustainability or collapse What can we learn from integrating the history of humans and the rest of nature  et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Remnant urban ecosystems and the rich levels of biodiversity found in the urban Yucatan today are hence viewed to be the products of a millennialong coevolution in cultural landscapes Origins of the Maya forest garden Maya resource management and Emery  Origins of the Maya forest garden Maya resource management and Nigh  Constantinople History of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
Current biodiversity and ecosystem services are conditioned by history regional context and continuity The importance of land use legacies to ecology and conservation et alHistory of Urbanization and the Missing Ecology
A realizabilitynotion akin to Kleenes slash  was extended to various intuitionistic set theories by Constructive set theory Constructive set theory whereby he also drew on work by JRFrom the weak to the strong existence property
In Metamathematical Properties of Intuitionistic Set Theories with Choice Principles the author of the present paper developed a different machinery for showing the DP and the NEP and several other properties directly for extensional set theoriesFrom the weak to the strong existence property
In The disjunction and other properties for constructive Zermelo Fraenkel set theory the author of the present paper developed a different machinery for showing the DP and the NEP and several other properties directly for extensional set theoriesFrom the weak to the strong existence property
A realizabilitynotion akin to Disjunction and existence under implication in elementary intuitionistic formalismss slash was extended to various intuitionistic set theories by Myhill  whereby he also drew on work by JRFrom the weak to the strong existence property
They were first proposed by  On the interpretation of intuitionistic number theory in From the weak to the strong existence property
A realizabilitynotion akin to Kleenes slash  was extended to various intuitionistic set theories by Some properties of Intuitionistic Zermelo Fraenkel set theory whereby he also drew on work by JRFrom the weak to the strong existence property
Several systems of set theory for the constructive mathematical practice were propounded by Set theoretic foundations for constructive analysis From the weak to the strong existence property
The latter notion has been studied by Moschovakis  and Power set recursion From the weak to the strong existence property
Moreover there are connections with Lifschitz realizability  where a realizer for an existential arithmetical statement provides a finite corecursive set of witnesses see Lifschitz s Realizability for extensions to analysis and set theoryFrom the weak to the strong existence property
In generalized recursion theory this is known as Erecursion or set recursion see eg Set recursion or  ChXFrom the weak to the strong existence property
A class X is said to be closed if A  X implies a  X for every pair a A  Theorem  IKP For any  inductive definition  there is a smallest closed class I moreover I is a  class as wellProof   Theorem  and IKP and FriendsFrom the weak to the strong existence property
It is possible to carry out an ordinal analysis of IKP just as for KP as in Fragments of Kripke Platek set theoryFrom the weak to the strong existence property
In Realizability for constructive Zermelo Fraenkel set theory the author of the present paper developed a different machinery for showing the DP and the NEP and several other properties directly for extensional set theoriesFrom the weak to the strong existence property
Realizability based on indices of general set recursive functions was introduced in The formulae as classes interpretation of constructive set theory and employed to prove inter alia metamathematical properties for CZF augmented by strong forms of the axiom of choice in  Theorems From the weak to the strong existence property
Remark The above notion of realizability stripped of its truth component was employed in Epistemology versus Ontology Essays on the Philosophy and Foundations of Mathematics in Honour of Per Martin L f Logic Epistemology and the Unity to obtain prooftheoretic results relating intuitionistic and and classical set theoriesCorollary  i CZF    wt B  BFrom the weak to the strong existence property
There are points of contact with a notion of realizability used by  A quasi intuitionistic set theory who employed indices of   definable partial class functions as realizers though there are important differences too as A quasi intuitionistic set theory works in a classical context and assumes a definable search operation on the universe which basically amounts to working under the hypothesis V  LFrom the weak to the strong existence property
Moreover there are connections with CT  is stronger than CT   realizability where a realizer for an existential arithmetical statement provides a finite corecursive set of witnesses see  for extensions to analysis and set theoryFrom the weak to the strong existence property
The DillerNahm interpretation Nahm Eine Variante zur Dialectica Interpretation der Heyting Arithmetik endlicher Typen also employs sets of witnesses to interpret existential quantifiersFrom the weak to the strong existence property
The metamathematical properties of these theories and several others as well were subsequently investigated by Continuity in intuitionistic set theoriesFrom the weak to the strong existence property
Friedman  showed metamathematical results for intuitionistic set theories by extending a notion of realizability developed by Formal systems for some branches of intuitionistic analysis From the weak to the strong existence property
Some applications of Kleene s method for intuitionistic systems showed metamathematical results for intuitionistic set theories by extending a notion of realizability developed by Kreisel and Troelstra From the weak to the strong existence property
He used a combination of KreiselTroelstra realizability and Formalized recursive functionals and formalized realizability Memoirs of the AMS s  qrealizabilityFrom the weak to the strong existence property
Previous studies examining fungicide effects on nontarget fungi in the wheat phyllosphere using culturedependent methods have shown that fungicides with different modes of action have differing effects on individual fungal taxa Agrochemicals and the beneficial role of phyllosphere yeasts in disease controlFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Understanding the influence of agricultural practices on phyllosphere fungal communities is important in order to create the best conditions for crop developmentWheat is one of the most important crops worldwide and the wheatassociated fungal community was one of the first phyllosphere communities to be studied Seasonal incidence of Sporobolomyces on cereal leavesFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
This is reflected in the different sets of fungi retrieved when washed leaf pieces are cultured compared with leaf wash liquid Effects of ethirimol and zineb on phylloplane microflora of barleyFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
The ITS region was amplified on a  Thermal Cycler Life Technologies CA USA using the forward primer fITS GTGARTCATCGAATCTTTG New primers to amplify the fungal ITS region evaluation by sequencing of artificial and natural communities and the reverse primer ITS TCCTCCGCTTATTGATATGC Fungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Previous studies examining fungicide effects on nontarget fungi in the wheat phyllosphere using culturedependent methods have shown that fungicides with different modes of action have differing effects on individual fungal taxa The phylloplane microflora of ripening wheat and effect of late fungicide applicationsFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Previous studies examining fungicide effects on nontarget fungi in the wheat phyllosphere using culturedependent methods have shown that fungicides with different modes of action have differing effects on individual fungal taxa The effect of fungicides on the microbial balance in the phyllosphereFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Dioszegia fristingensis was described relatively recently in Germany  and has been reported from China Phylloplane yeasts from Portugal Seven novel anamorphic species in the Tremellales lineage of the Hymenomycetes Basidiomycota producing orange coloured coloniesFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
The two areas also differ in agricultural management for example in terms of cropping sequence Jordbruksstatistisk arsbok  med data om livsmedel Yearbook of Agricultural statistics the choice of wheat variety and fungicides are used more frequently in the Southern area Fungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
IntroductionThe phyllosphere defined as the total aboveground parts of plants provides a habitat for many microorganisms Managing the ecology of foliar pathogens ecological tolerance in cropsFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Fungicides have different modes of action and can be both broad range or target a specific group of fungi A Short History of Fungicides and the fungicide type and use vary for different cropsFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
The mechanism of the antagonism is hypothesised to be competition for nutrients Aureobasidium pullulans LS  an antagonist of postharvest pathogens of fruits study on its modes of actionFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
These species have been isolated from both the phyllosphere  and the rhizosphere of different plants Diversity of Cryptococcus and Dioszegia yeasts Basidiomycota inhabiting arbuscular mycorrhizal roots or sporesFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
These species have been isolated from both the phyllosphere  and the rhizosphere of different plants Analysis of fungal diversity in the wheat rhizosphere by sequencing of cloned PCRamplified genes encoding S rRNA and temperature gradient gel electrophoresisFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
Leucosporidium golubevii is a yeast discovered in freshwater  and has been reported from the phyllosphere of balsam poplar Host genotype shapes the foliar fungal microbiome of balsam poplar Populus balsamifera Fungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
In agricultural crops some phyllosphere fungi are important pathogens while others have antagonistic properties  or can influence the physiology of the plant Microbially mediated plant functional traitsFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
pullulans is one of the most common inhabitants of the phyllosphere of many crops  and is also present in many other habitats Fungi and food spoilageFungicide Effects on Fungal Community Composition in the Wheat Phyllosphere
In a similar vein it has been argued that story genres are considered some of the most suitable for students learning a second language because of their emphasis on action and events their strong tradition of oral embodied performance and their concern with common themes Storytelling supported by technology an alternative for EFL children with learning difficulties Pennington Tsou Wang amp Tzeng FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
Given the different learning situations such as limited time allocated to English lessons large class size students low motivation and formfocused exams Teacher knowledge about oral English instruction and teacher profiles an EFL perspective RamonPlo amp PilarmurDuenas  the use of stories in EFL learning contexts accordingly needs modificationsFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
The intervention was framed within Learning to Write Reading to Learn Genre Knowledge and Pedagogy in the Sydney School s  Reading to Learn RL pedagogyFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
In a similar vein it has been argued that story genres are considered some of the most suitable for students learning a second language because of their emphasis on action and events their strong tradition of oral embodied performance and their concern with common themes Lee Pennington Applying a multimedia storytelling website in foreign language learning Wang amp Tzeng FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
In this phase the teacher participants implemented their two cycles of actionoriented project by drawing on the principles of Action Research that include plan act and observe and reflect The Action Research Planner Doing Critical Participatory Action Research McTaggart amp Nixon FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
This contradicts studies by English Language Classroom Practices Bangladeshi Primary School Children s Perceptions  in Bangladesh and Asafeh Khwaile and Alshbou  in Jordan that report many EFL learners preferred to have more communicative activities to practice their English although they showed positive attitudes to traditional activities such as drilling of grammar rules and vocabularyFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
There are variations in stories which constitute narrative along with recount anecdote exemplum and observations Genre Relations Mapping Culture amp Rose FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
I observed how the teacher participants translated and enacted the instructional strategies introduced in the workshop into learning experiences relevant to their students situation Teacher Professional Development Focusing on Pedagogical Content Knowledge amp Berry FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
In recruiting the participants of the study purposeful sampling was undertaken to ensure that the selected participants provided sufficient data illuminating the aims of the study Qualitative inquiry and research design FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
In this respect I collaboratively worked with the teacher participants in designing and executing the learning experiences for the students throughout the iteration of action research cycle Examining what we mean by collaboration in collaborative action research a cross case analysis Flynn amp Sheley FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
This contradicts studies by Shrestha  in Bangladesh and Communicative Language Teaching in an EFL Context Learners Attitudes and Perceived Implementation Khwaile and Alshbou  in Jordan that report many EFL learners preferred to have more communicative activities to practice their English although they showed positive attitudes to traditional activities such as drilling of grammar rules and vocabularyFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
Engaging interactively with stories allows EFL teachers and students not only to extend their language proficiency but also to develop emotional involvement with the target language Promoting the prevalence of literature in the practice of foreign and second language education issues and insights FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
In Time series forecasting by evolving artificial neural networks using genetic algorithms and estimation of distribution algorithms EDA was used as the search engine of an EANN outperforming a GA based EANNEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
Since TSF is a particular regression case for the SVM type and kernel we selected the popular insensitive loss function known as SVR and Gaussian kernel combination as implemented in the LIBSVM tool LIBSVM A library for support vector machinesEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
Thus variable selection is useful to discard irrelevant time lags leading to simpler models that are easier to interpret and that usually give better performances Time Series Forecasting by Evolutionary Neural NetworksEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
More recently several Computational Intelligence CI methods have been applied to TSF such as Artificial Neural Networks ANN  and Support Vector Machines SVM Sensitivity Analysis for Time Lag Selection to Forecast Seasonal Time Series using Neural Networks and Support Vector MachinesEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
TSF has become increasingly used in distinct areas such as Agriculture Finance Production or Sales Forecasting methods and applicationsEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
More recently the Estimation Distribution Algorithm EDA was proposed Estimation of distribution algorithms A new tool for evolutionary computationEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
The Symmetric Mean Absolute Percentage Error SMAPE is given by Another look at measures of forecast accuracy is the current time period and H is the forecasting horizon the number of multistep ahead forecastsEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
In particular multistep ahead predictions eg issued several months in advance are useful to aid tactical decisions such as planning production resources or evaluating alternative economic strategies Time series forecastingEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
On the other hand CI models such as ANN and SVM have hyperparameters that need to be adjusted eg number of ANN hidden nodes or kernel parameter The Elements of Statistical Learning Data Mining Inference and PredictionEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
For a baseline comparison we have also chosen the ARIMA methodology as computed by the ForecastPro c tool The Forecast Pro methodologyEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
It should be noted that these six times series were also adopted by the NN and NN forecasting competitions Time series forecasting competition for neural networks and computational intelligenceEvolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
For the comparison we have chosen the EANN presented in  which is similar to ESVM except that is uses a multilayer perceptron trained with the RPROP algorithm as implemented using the SNNS tool Snns stuttgart neural network simulator Evolutionary Support Vector Machines for Time Series Forecasting
Although several randomised controlled trials have shown that CBT is more effective than a wide range of alternative treatments  amongst BN treatment completers only   have a full and lasting response Cognitive behaviour therapy for eating disorders a transdiagnostic theory and treatmentTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
 is similar or different across DSM BN BED and bulimictype EDNOS that includes also subthreshold BED cases is that the model under investigation should contain the same number of latent variables each of which includes the same number of measuredobserved variables for all groups of interest Structural equation modeling with Mplus basic concepts Application and ProgrammingTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Although several randomised controlled trials have shown that CBT is more effective than a wide range of alternative treatments  amongst BN treatment completers only   have a full and lasting response The evolution of Enhanced cognitive behaviour therapy for eating disorders learning from treatment nonresponseTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The pervasive low selfesteem that often persists after recovery  is thought to lead to attempts to control shape and weight and similarly contribute to negative affect A comprehensive examination of the transdiagnostic cognitive behavioral model of eating disorders in malesTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The theory Handbook of eating disorders physiology psychology and treatment of obesity anorexia and bulimia st edn that underpins and guides CBT  is primarily concerned with the psychopathological processes that account for the persistence of the disorderTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The theory  that underpins and guides CBT Cognitive behaviour therapy and eating disorders is primarily concerned with the psychopathological processes that account for the persistence of the disorderTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
inability to appropriately cope with adverse affective states followed by dysfunctional impulsive behaviours  is believed to directly affect and maintain binge eating The dual pathway and cognitive behavioural models of binge eating prospective evaluation and comparisonTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
BDI score were covariates in each structural model and specified to predict each of the latent variables  in an attempt to reduce their effects on the relationships between the latent variables under investigation Risk and maintenance factors for eating pathology A meta analytic reviewTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
According to the enhanced CB version CBE  the difficulties in establishing andor maintaining interpersonal relationships may directly precipitate episodes of binge eating affect all of the other maintenance factors andor amplify OSW Testing a maintenance model for eating disorders in a sample seeking treatment at a tertiary care center a structural equation modeling approachTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
inability to appropriately cope with adverse affective states followed by dysfunctional impulsive behaviours  is believed to directly affect and maintain binge eating Enhanced cognitive behaviour therapy a single treatment for all eating disordersTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
IntroductionA considerable treatment literature has been published on bulimia nervosa BN Psychological treatment of eating disorders which is marked by a chronic and relapseridden course can result into serious medical complications and is associated with severe comorbid psychopathology and functional impairment Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
inability to appropriately cope with adverse affective states followed by dysfunctional impulsive behaviours  is believed to directly affect and maintain binge eating Maintenance of binge eating through negative mood a naturalistic comparison of binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosaTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
In sharp contrast to other ED diagnoses the DSM diagnosis of BED  does not include a criterion pertaining to body image probably because of the belief that shape and weight concerns may simply reflect the overweight problems of BED patients A clinician s guide to binge eating disorderTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The ED diagnoses were confirmed by findings from the Eating Disorder ExaminationInterviewD EDE Binge eating nature assessment and treatment st edn administered to assess dietary restraint and frequency of binge eating episodes as well see measures sectionTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Prior research comparing individuals with provisional DSMIV BED to either DSMIV BN purging or nonpurging subtypes found significant differences in both current age BMI and dietary restraint at the time of the assessment and agehistorical variables age of onset Binge eating disorder clinical foundations and treatmentTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Although there is evidence that initial dietary restraint levels predict future onset of binge eating among asymptomatic individuals Testing the original and the extended dual pathway model of lack of control over eating in adolescent girls A two year longitudinal study as in this study prior research using clinical interviews or ecological momentary assessment failed to support the dietary restraintbinge eating relationship among bulimictype ED patients Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
EDs clinically significant but not meeting full DSMIV diagnostic criteria for BN or needing additional study such as BED Classification of bulimic type eating disorders from DSM IV to DSM Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Furthermore based on the results of neurobiological moleculargenetic and brainimaging studies Neural circuits neurotransmitters and behavior serotonin and temperament in bulimic syndromes and colleagues postulated that factors affecting HT functional activity may indirectly influence susceptibility to binge eating by heightening affective instabilityTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
A considerable treatment literature has been published on bulimia nervosa BN A systematic review of evidence for psychological treatments in eating disorders which is marked by a chronic and relapseridden course can result into serious medical complications and is associated with severe comorbid psychopathology and functional impairment Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
inability to appropriately cope with adverse affective states followed by dysfunctional impulsive behaviours  is believed to directly affect and maintain binge eating Ecological momentary assessment of stressful events and negative affect in bulimia nervosaTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Although several randomised controlled trials have shown that CBT is more effective than a wide range of alternative treatments A multicenter comparison of cognitive behavioural therapy and interpersonal psychotherapy for bulimia nervosa amongst BN treatment completers only   have a full and lasting response Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
A considerable treatment literature has been published on bulimia nervosa BN  which is marked by a chronic and relapseridden course can result into serious medical complications and is associated with severe comorbid psychopathology and functional impairment Prevalence incidence impairment and course of the proposed DSM  eating disorder diagnoses in an  year prospective community study of young womenTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Finally as testing the significance of the mediation or indirect effects using bootstrap procedure has been recommended Integrating mediators and moderators in research design Mplus  was specified to a create  bootstrap samples from the data set by random sampling with replacement and b generate indirect effects and biascorrected confidence intervals   CIs around the indirect effects when analysing the final structural models FigTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The bulk of this literature has focused on the use of cognitivebehavioural therapy CBT which is widely considered as the treatment of choice for BN Eating disorders guidelines from NICETesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
This theory assumes a dysfunctional system for evaluating selfworth  whereby selfworth is largely or even exclusively defined in terms of shape and weight and related control The undue influence of shape and weight on self evaluation in anorexia nervosa bulimia nervosa and restrained eaters a combined ERP and behavioral studyTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
Statistical analyses After recategorizing all DSMIV cases using DSM diagnostic criteria differences in demographic and clinical variables between diagnostic groups were assessed by means of ANOVA or   test as appropriate followed by post hoc pairwise comparisons with Bonferroni correction if needed Introduction to statistics fundamental concepts and procedures of data analysisTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
This is also a novel contribution to the current literature given that prior research using the same DSM  reduces the proportion of EDNOS cases evidence from community samples or a similar  procedure focused on community samples rather than on clinical treatment seeking samplesTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
DSMIV  ED and lifetime Axis I psychiatric disorder diagnoses were based on the Structured Clinical Interview for DSMIV Axis I Disorders SCIDIP Structured Clinical Interview for DSM IV Axis I Disorders Patient Edition SCID I P Version   Testing the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
interpersonal therapy dialecticalbehaviour therapy decrease binge eating relative to assessmentonly control conditions A randomized wait list controlled pilot study of dialectical behaviour therapy guided self help for binge eating disorder seems incompatible with the theoretical assertion of both CB models ieTesting the cognitivebehavioural maintenance models across DSM bulimictype eating disorder diagnostic groups a multicentre study
The role of correlations between underlying risks and counterparty credit risks in hedging arrangements is discussed in Systemic Aspects of Risk Management in Banking and Finance Schweizerische Zeitschrift f r Volkswirtschaft und Statistik Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
On this point see the contribution of Zuberbhler to Capital Requirements for Market Risks Based on Inhouse Models Aspects of Quality Assessment and Staub Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
However even here one may question whether eg realestate loans in different countries should be treated as being equally risky see The Regulation of Banks and Securities Firms Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
They also paid insufficient attention to systemic risks such as failures of counterparties to  Demyanyk and Van Hemert  see also Money for Nothing and Checks for Free Recent Developments in U S Subprime Mortgage Markets and Mills  UBS Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The importance of dominos effects through asset prices is stressed by Liquidity and Contagion The Crisis of  and Shin  and Carletti  Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The shift to adjustablerate instruments in the first half of the eighties is deemed to explain at least part of the increase in credit risk in this decade see Hendershott and Shilling  Caps on Adjustable Rate Mortgages Valuation Insurance Hedging and Torous Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Some of the flaws in regulatory thinking have contributed to the downward spiral in the crisis that we have experienced On this development see Baltensperger and Dermine  Englund Englund   Mlitz  Deregulation and Cmpetition in Spanish Banking  OECD Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
This difficulty is also stressed by Innovations in Credit Risk Transfer Implications for Financial Stability mimeo Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Some of the flaws in regulatory thinking have contributed to the downward spiral in the crisis that we have experienced On this development see Baltensperger and Dermine  Financial Deregulation in Sweden Financial Deregulation in Sweden   Mlitz  Vives  OECD Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
From the theory of capital markets we know that on average higher rates of return can be achieved by  Indeed at the very time when it was becoming politically correct to refer to shareholder value in boardroom discussions in the early nineties corporate management in the United States with the support of state legislatures and the courts successfully installed measures that all but eliminated hostile takeovers and made it all but impossible for outside shareholders to interfere with the corporation against the wishes of management see Executive Defense Shareholder Power and Corporate Reorganization Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For a more detailed account of the argument see Default Risk Sharing Between Banks and Markets The Contribution of Collateralized Debt Obligations and Krahnen Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Thus in the context of a model in which investors do not know beforehand when they will want to consume Liquidity Provision Banking and the Allocation of Interest Rate Risk a shows that it is optimal to have an arrangement where people stipulate the amounts of shortterm and longterm assets that they want to hold with the proviso that if they find that they want to consume early they should bear the interestinduced valuation risk of longterm investments and if they want to consume late they should bear the interestinduced reinvestment risk of shortterm investmentsSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The basic idea is developed in Banking and Finance at the End of the Twentieth Century WWZ Discussion Paper  b increase the banks insolvency risk by forcing it to sell assets in an illiquid and panicky market in which these assets are undervaluedSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Capital Adequacy Rules as Instruments for the Regulation of Banks  compares the speed with which the regulatory community moved from the April  and April  proposals to the actual Amendment to the Capital Accord to Incorporate Market Risks of January  to the time and expenses it takes for a private company to get a new drug approved for sale and notes that both the  Accord and the  Amendment to the  Accord were enacted with hardly any evidence about the economic effects of capital requirements for banksIn my view prudential regulation under the Basel Accords has the following major shortcomings The purpose of capital regulation is unclearSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For a detailed critical discussion of market discipline see Corporate Governance in Context Corporations States and Markets in Europe Japan and the US Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Comparisons are made on the basis of numbers given in International Monetary Fund  and What Drives Personal Consumption The Role of Housing and Financial Wealth Discussion Paper  Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The shift to adjustablerate instruments in the first half of the eighties is deemed to explain at least part of the increase in credit risk in this decade see The Continued Interest Rate Vulnerability of the Thrifts and Shilling  Schwartz and Torous Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
In the theory of financial institutions therefore the paradigmatic model of viable financial intermediation due to Financial Intermediation and Delegated Monitoring  postulates an intermediary holding a fully diversified portfolio of assets with outside finance taking entirely the form of debt with claims that are independent of the returns which the intermediary earns on his portfolioSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Under securitization sometimes referred to as the originateanddistribute model of mortgage finance the originating institution traditionally a bank or a savings institution will transfer mortgage titles to a specialpurpose vehicle a specialized institution that puts a large set of  See The Gathering Crisis in Federal Deposit Insurance   Benston et alSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For criticisms of the lack of theoretical or empirical foundations see International Harmonization of the Regulation of Capital Markets  and Schaefer Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The classic reference on this point is The Effects of Automobile Safety Regulation Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Formal models to this effects have been provided by Capital Requirements and the Behaviour of Commercial Banks  Dewatripont and Tirole Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
The Market for Lemons Quality Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism s famous model of the usedcar market is paradigmatic for the problemSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Formal models to this effects have been provided by  The Prudential Regulation of BanksSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Presumably an institutions accounting system should provide the institutions management with proper guidance for choosing valuemaximizing  The classic theoretical piece on market discipline for banks is Market Based Banking Supervision The Financial Regulator  and Kahn  for policy recommendations see eg Market Based Banking Supervision The Financial Regulator  Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For theoretical treatments of the problem see Carletti Systemic Risk and Regulation  Systemic Risk and Regulation and Gale Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Some of the flaws in regulatory thinking have contributed to the downward spiral in the crisis that we have experienced On this development see Banking Dregulation in Europe and Dermine  Englund Englund   Mlitz  Vives  OECD Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Under securitization sometimes referred to as the originateanddistribute model of mortgage finance the originating institution traditionally a bank or a savings institution will transfer mortgage titles to a specialpurpose vehicle a specialized institution that puts a large set of  See Kane   Combining Arms Length and Control Oriented Finance Evidence From Main Bank Relationships in Sweden et alSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
the instruments with the lowest overall creditworthiness  were delinquent or in foreclosure Mortgage Delinquencies and Foreclosures Speech at the Columbia Business School nd Annual Dinner Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
This would be the analogue for prime mortgages of findings of Understanding the Subprime Mortgage Crisis mimeo Stern School of Business and Van Hemert  showing that since  in subprime mortgage lending there have been declines in borrower quality that go beyond the effects of changes in observables such as down payment rates credit scores and the likeSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
 For evidence of the heterogeneity of rationales see the discussion documented in Panel Discussion Statements and Comments Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For UBS and Crdit Suisse the Financial Stability Department of the Swiss National Bank has raised concerns about the insufficiency of equity capital since at least  and had put forward proposals to supplement existing capital regulation by a leverage ratio which would install an overall floor for the equity ratio see Why Basel II May Need a Leverage Ratio Restriction   Why Basel II May Need a Leverage Ratio Restriction Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For expressions of this view see Comment on the Paper by Professor Hellwig Systemic Aspects of Risk Management in Banking and Finance Schweizerische Zeitschrift f r Volkswirtschaft und Statistik  and Gumerlocks contribution to Hellwig and Staub  absorb the shock their behaviour was determined by an automatism under which asset price declines translated into writeoffs and writeoffs translated into asset salesSystemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
For an example of regulatory thinking at the time see Problems of Harmonization of the Regulation of Financial Intermediation in the European Community Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
According to Financial Stability Review Special Issue on Hedge Funds  total funds managed by hedge funds more than doubled between  and  growing from under  billion dollars to around  billion dollars at an annual rate of roughly Systemic Risk in the Financial Sector An Analysis of the SubprimeMortgage Financial Crisis
Otherwise Irina is newly introduced see also Dutch scrambling and the nature of discourse templates and van de Koot  and as such it obligatorily receives a structural accent which leads to an intervention effect with the fronted focused objectLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
Accentuation comes into play indirectly only its relevance for fronting stems from the fact that accentuation is a sideeffect of cyclic linearization in the sense of Cyclic linearization and its interaction with other aspects of grammar and Pesetsky  and Mller Left peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
One remaining issue is whether whphrases and nonwhphrases target the same slot a question answered negatively in cartographic approaches Residual verb second and the wh criterion  which split up Comp into at least four different headsLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
Haider Fanselow  and Zur Syntax der linken Peripherie im Deutschen  argue that  illustrate the same phenomenon any category that can appear leftmost in TP can move to SpecCP without possessing any special discourse markingLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
First our findings support the view see eg On phases  that notions of information structure do not figure in the syntactic derivation at least not in the sense of being formally responsible for movementLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
The use of focustopic features in the syntactic derivation violates the inclusiveness condition The minimalist program  according to which only those features can figure in syntactic computations that represent properties of lexical itemsLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
However Idioms metaphors and syntactic mobility  has shown that thematically noncompositional idioms are transparent for movement in German as wellWe conclude that it is not plausible to postulate an additional pragmatic feature associated with the fronted element in SFF constructionsLeft peripheral focus mismatches between syntax and information structure
Another recent large trial evaluated the evidence of the preventive effect of probiotics on upper respiratory tract infections URTI in an aged sample and was unable to find differences between groups Lactobacilli and bifidobacteria in the prevention of antibiotic associated diarrhoea and Clostridium difficile diarrhoea in older inpatients PLACIDE a randomised double blind placebo controlled multicentre trialEvidence on the role of prebiotics probiotics and synbiotics in gut health and disease prevention in the elderly
The product design defines both the practical aspect of carrying a parasite robot on a RVC and morphological aspects that in addition to behaviors Avoiding the uncanny valley robot appearance personality and consistency of behavior in an attention seeking home scenario for a robot companion improve acceptanceFrom a Robotic Vacuum Cleaner to a Robot Companion Acceptance and Engagement in Domestic Environments
These types of robots are then crucial to understand how people perceive robots Housewives or technophiles understanding domestic robot owners and accept them in daily lifeFrom a Robotic Vacuum Cleaner to a Robot Companion Acceptance and Engagement in Domestic Environments
Due to the potential offered by the current and perspective presence of RVC into home environment this robot is developed as a parasite SCHOOL OF ADVANCED STUDIES Doctorate course in Conoscenza e progetto delle forme dell in shape and behavior it is physically attached to clung the RVC of which exploit the ability of movementFrom a Robotic Vacuum Cleaner to a Robot Companion Acceptance and Engagement in Domestic Environments
This high level of acceptance arises from the fact that users have low expectations towards RVC due to the fact that is not perceived as a robot but rather as an household appliance Lessons learned from robotic vacuum cleaners entering the home ecosystemFrom a Robotic Vacuum Cleaner to a Robot Companion Acceptance and Engagement in Domestic Environments
Indeed one prediction directly derived from  account is that intermixed presentation will result in good probably detailed memory for the unique features of the stimuli see Memory for and salience of the unique features of similar stimuli in perceptual learning Kadib Mitchell amp Hall  and poor memory for the common featuresMemory Encoding of Stimulus Features in Human Perceptual Learning
In a similar way Simultaneous presentation of similar stimuli produces perceptual learning in human picture processing Honey and Dwyer  obtained analogous results using morphed pictures of human facesMemory Encoding of Stimulus Features in Human Perceptual Learning
We adapted the approach by Subjective measures of socio economic position and the wealth index a comparative analysis classifying the Registrar Generals Social Classes of the cohort childrens father as professional or managerial I and II skilled nonmanual III nonmanual skilled manual III manual partly skilled or unskilled IV and V and children who were born in a motheronly householdCritical role of smoking and household dampness during childhood for adult phlegm and cough a research example from a prospective cohort study in Great Britain
We adapted the method used by Asthma as a link between chest illness in childhood and chronic cough and phlegm in young adults et al  and created a variable to indicate presence of each respiratory symptom  phlegm or cough which cohort participants might have experienced at any time of dayCritical role of smoking and household dampness during childhood for adult phlegm and cough a research example from a prospective cohort study in Great Britain
We adapted the method used by Cohort profile  British birth cohort National Child Development Study  and created a variable to indicate presence of each respiratory symptom  phlegm or cough which cohort participants might have experienced at any time of dayCritical role of smoking and household dampness during childhood for adult phlegm and cough a research example from a prospective cohort study in Great Britain
Our finding is also similar to the metaanalyses results by Respiratory and allergic health effects of dampness mold and dampness related agents a review of the epidemiologic evidence et al  showing a substantial association between indoor dampness and various respiratory symptoms including coughCritical role of smoking and household dampness during childhood for adult phlegm and cough a research example from a prospective cohort study in Great Britain
Useful systematic literature reviews of research progress may be found in A systematic review of fault prediction performance in software engineering Software EngineeringThe scientific basis for prediction research
Useful systematic literature reviews of research progress may be found in A systematic review of software fault prediction studiesThe scientific basis for prediction research
A challenge has been that whilst there has been much research activity and ingenuity in devising new techniques there has been rather less agreement upon the relative effectiveness of these different techniques and clearly no one technique dominates Special issue on repeatable results in software engineering prediction Empirical Software EngineeringThe scientific basis for prediction research
Bias is not a new phenomenon and has been widely reported in other scientific disciplines such as psychology Confirmation bias in a simulated research environment An experimental study of scientific inference The quarterly journal of experimental psychology and medicine The scientific basis for prediction research
Bias is not a new phenomenon and has been widely reported in other scientific disciplines such as psychology  and medicine Bias in analytic researchThe scientific basis for prediction research
Interested readers can refer to Measuring classifier performance a coherent alternative to the area under the ROC curve though note that in accordance with machine learning conventions that paper uses the terms convex and concave in the sense opposite to that used above see the paper for details and explanationsEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
There are now several books devoted entirely to evaluating diagnostic tests Statistical Methods in Diagnostic MedicineEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
These and related issues are discussed further in A class of logistic type discriminant functionsEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
There are now several books devoted entirely to evaluating diagnostic tests The Statistical Evaluation of Medical Tests for Classification and PredictionEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
These and related issues are discussed further in Classifier technology and the illusion of progress with discussion A very common approach to combining sensitivity and specificity is to add them in a weighted sum so striking an appropriate balance between them see for example Evaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
These and related issues are discussed further in Performance criteria for plastic card fraud detection toolsEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Misclassification rate or error rate uses         c c and is reported in Meta analysis of Classification Methods in a metaanalysis of classification studies as being used in the vast majority of comparative studies of classification rules pEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
The ROC curve and its properties have been extensively studied and are well understood see ROC Curves for Continuous Data for exampleAlthough monotonically increasing ROC curves can have convex regionsEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Partly in an attempt to overcome this problem and partly in recognition of the fact that it is likely that not all values of sensitivity or specificity will be regarded as relevant various researchers have proposed the use of the partial AUC PAUC in which the integration in  is not over the entire range of sensitivity or specificitybut over some interval    a b within     regarded as of particular relevance see for example Analyzing a portion of the ROC curveEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Incidentally it has been pointed out in Overestimation of the receiver operating characteristic curve for logistic regression that estimates of the area under the ROC curve based on the data used to derive the score function will tend to be optimistically biasedEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Although the AUC has been criticised on various methodological grounds see for example Use and misuse of the receiver operating characteristic curve in risk prediction this interpretation suggests that it also has a core theoretical weakness at least when viewed from some perspectivesTo overcome this problem with the AUC we proposed an alternative measure which fixes the distribution of the relative severity of the consequences of the two kinds of misdiagnosisEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Although the AUC has been criticised on various methodological grounds see for example Evaluating the added predictive ability of a new marker from area under the ROC curve to reclassification and beyond this interpretation suggests that it also has a core theoretical weakness at least when viewed from some perspectivesTo overcome this problem with the AUC we proposed an alternative measure which fixes the distribution of the relative severity of the consequences of the two kinds of misdiagnosisEvaluating diagnostic tests the area under the ROC curve and the balance of errors
Therefore managers should consider concentrating efforts on understanding their customers closely monitoring their perceptions about the company and devoting attention to accommodating their individual requirements Doing good and doing better despite negative information The role of corporate social responsibility in consumer resistance to negative information Rubera Seifert amp Bhardwaj Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
The present study builds on the existing literature that underscores the value of fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis fsQCA eg Fiss Moving beyond multiple regression analysis to algorithms Calling for adoption of a paradigm shift from symmetric to asymmetric thinking in data analysis and crafting theory Moving beyond multiple regression analysis to algorithms Calling for adoption of a paradigm shift from symmetric to asymmetric thinking in data analysis and crafting theory amp Zhang  and shows that the proposed methodological tool offers much in terms of understanding causal relationships by virtue of providing information that is unique in comparison with the information conventional correlational methods provideExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
As such fsQCA is a proficient tool that helps supplement traditional correlational analyses in three main ways  asymmetry ie the relationships between independent and dependent variables are treated as not symmetric  equifinality ie multiple pathways and solutions lead to the same outcome and  causal complexity ie combinations of causal antecedent conditions lead to the outcome and thus the researcher focuses not on the estimation of independent net effects but on the estimation of combinatorial effects Fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis An introduction Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
The present study builds on the existing literature that underscores the value of fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis fsQCA eg Building better causal theories A fuzzy set approach to typologies in organization research Woodside Woodside amp Zhang  and shows that the proposed methodological tool offers much in terms of understanding causal relationships by virtue of providing information that is unique in comparison with the information conventional correlational methods provideExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
First from a methodological perspective the study demonstrates the value of complex combinatorial fsQCA and the advantages of this technique over traditional correlational methods that is fsQCA enables examination of different configurations of conditions that give rise to an outcome of interest Ganter amp Hecker Industry growth and the knowledge spillover regime Does outsourcing harm innovativeness but help profit amp Olleros Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
For example in contrast with correlational techniques which attempt to estimate the net effect of an independent variable on an outcome variable fsQCA attempts to identify the conditions that lead to a given outcome  Mapping the institutional capital of high tech firms A fuzzy set analysis of capitalist variety and export performance et al Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Thus the complex solution which makes no assumptions is the most appropriate prior research highly recommends this solution especially when the number of causal antecedent conditions is not large Elliott Between complexity and parsimony Limited diversity counterfactual cases and comparative analysis amp Sonnett Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
First from a methodological perspective the study demonstrates the value of complex combinatorial fsQCA and the advantages of this technique over traditional correlational methods that is fsQCA enables examination of different configurations of conditions that give rise to an outcome of interest Configurational paths to organizational innovation Qualitative comparative analyses of antecedents and contingencies amp Hecker Stanko amp Olleros Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Illusions in regression analysis  posits that researchers who use regression analysis falsely assume that by entering variables into the equation they somehow control for these variablesExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Applications of the technique in business and management are fewer though representative examples are available in areas such as innovation eg Configural paths to successful product innovationExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Representative contributions from various subfields include policy analysis and addictive behavior eg Configural analysis of the drinking man Fuzzyset qualitative comparative analyses amp Woodside Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Representative contributions from various subfields include policy analysis eg The enactment of national health insurance A Boolean analysis of twenty advanced industrial countries amp Adolino Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
This study is one of the first studies to employ this type of analysis to explore social responsibility phenomena for exceptions see Corporate social responsibility A multilevel explanation of why managers do good Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
The higher the consistency cutoff point the researcher sets for selecting the best combinations the higher the final consistency will be but the lower the respective coverage Elliott Set relations in social research Evaluating their consistency and coverage Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
The notation used in Table  is consistent with the notation Net effects analysis versus configurational analysis An empirical demonstration and Fiss  and Fiss  useExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
While increasingly more companies undertake CSR initiatives in an attempt to contribute to society or pursue their strategic goals examples of corporate social irresponsibility abound eg Self interest and business ethics Some lessons of the recent corporate scandals Lange amp Washburn Murphy amp Schlegelmilch Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Research in business examines skepticism in the areas of advertising promotion and public relations eg Adolescent skepticism toward TV advertising and knowledge of advertiser tacticsExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Research in business examines skepticism in the areas of  causerelated claims Overcoming skepticism towards cause related claims The case of NorwayExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
IntroductionUsing structural equation modeling SEM When consumers doubt watch out The role of CSR skepticism and Leonidou  hereinafter SL find that attributions of egoisticand stakeholderdriven motives provoke consumer skepticism about corporate social responsibility CSR while valuesdriven attributions alleviate skepticismExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
by Smithson though applications were few until the integration of the basic fuzzyset principles with qualitative comparative analysis The comparative method Moving beyond qualitative and quantitative strategiesExamining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Many disciplines discuss skepticism including politics eg Motivated skepticism in the evaluation of political beliefs amp Lodge  philosophy eg McGrath  sociology eg Freudenburg Gramling amp Davidson  and psychology eg Lilienfeld Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
If multicollinearity is high the regression estimator becomes inefficient and may yield statistically nonsignificant estimates or estimates inconsistent with the supposed associations eg Using regression analysis to model the performance of UK coastguard centres Quigley amp Storbeck Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Corporate wrongdoing attracts the attention of the media and watchdog organizations triggering questions about why companies engage in CSR and how they contribute to social wellbeing Bielak Bonini amp Oppenheim Corporate hypocrisy Overcoming the threat of inconsistent corporate social responsibility perceptions Lutz amp Weitz Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
However multicollinearity ie significant correlations among the independent variables is common especially in cases with a large number of independent variables eg Mittal Ross amp Baldasare The measurement imperative amp Bayer Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Corporate wrongdoing attracts the attention of the media and watchdog organizations triggering questions about why companies engage in CSR and how they contribute to social wellbeing CEOs on strategy and social issues The McKinsey Quarterly Bonini amp Oppenheim Wagner Lutz amp Weitz Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
The main aim of the technique is to identify all necessary and sufficient conditions that lead to a specific outcome condition Using qualitative comparative analysis to study causal complexity Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
this technique differs from regressionbased methods and other conventional statistical techniques in important ways A tale of two cultures Contrasting quantitative and qualitative research amp Goertz Pajunen Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Many disciplines discuss skepticism including politics eg Taber amp Lodge  philosophy eg McGrath  sociology eg Scientific certainty argumentation methods SCAMs Science and the politics of doubt Gramling amp Davidson  and psychology eg Lilienfeld Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
For example Woodside  stresses that relationships are rarely linear and are better explained by tipping points In other words a change in an independent variable may have little or no impact on a dependent variable until this change reaches a certain threshold The tipping point How little things can make a big difference Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
While increasingly more companies undertake CSR initiatives in an attempt to contribute to society or pursue their strategic goals examples of corporate social irresponsibility abound eg Carson Understanding attributions of corporate social irresponsibility amp Washburn Murphy amp Schlegelmilch Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Many disciplines discuss skepticism including politics eg Taber amp Lodge  philosophy eg McGrath  sociology eg Freudenburg Gramling amp Davidson  and psychology eg Public skepticism of psychology Why many people perceive the study of human behavior as unscientific Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Many disciplines discuss skepticism including politics eg Taber amp Lodge  philosophy eg McGrath  sociology eg Freudenburg Gramling amp Davidson  and psychology eg Lilienfeld Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
While increasingly more companies undertake CSR initiatives in an attempt to contribute to society or pursue their strategic goals examples of corporate social irresponsibility abound eg Carson Lange amp Washburn Corporate social responsibility and corporate social irresponsibility Introduction to a special topic section amp Schlegelmilch Examining the role of CSR skepticism using fuzzyset qualitative comparative analysis
Other techniques make use of Fuzzy algorithms  local context analysis  clustering  and ranking improvement AUHORTAGOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Indeed the automatic query translation process could create word ambiguity polysemy inflection and homonymy issues Literature review of cross language information retrieval especially in the case of short queries Optimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
The ECLAP information model for crossmedia integrates sources coming from  different international institutions On the effectiveness and optimization of information retrieval for cross media contentIt enhances and facilitates the user experience with fulltext multilingual search for a large range of heterogeneous types of content with advanced metadata and fuzzy search faceted search content browsing and sorting techniquesOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Thus documents are comparable when they use the same vocabulary and deal with the same topic Introduction to information retrieval and ranking algorithms consist in ordering the output results list from the most to the least likely item Optimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Multidimensional dynamic taxonomies models ie faceted search  are also very popular especially in ecommerce sites where the user needs a way to easily explore the contents and each facet can be represented with a taxonomy Dynamic taxonomies and faceted search theory practice and experience st ednOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
The first approach reduces the memory usage and each document is stored only once in the index  while the second produces larger indexes and avoids query translation issuesOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
In the context of IR optimization stochastic approaches have been exploited to improve the IR effectiveness for example genetic algorithms have been used for improving the effectiveness of IR systems Effective information retrieval using genetic algorithms based matching functions adaptation for query reformulation  for query selection  and improving Optimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
An alternative query translation approach involves the use of parallel or comparable Corpora Cross language information retrieval A system for comparable corpus queryingOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Typically extracted information from unstructured documents can be organized as entities ie noun phrases and relationships between them adjectives tables and lists Information extraction Found Trends databasesOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
In this case synonyms or typos are evaluated in terms of similarity with the current indexed tokens to provide more complete resultsRelevant examples of fuzzy techniques application include semantic search  ontologies A personalized search engine using ontology based fuzzy concept networks Cloud Computing  image text analysis  query expansion  clustering  and popular search platforms such as Apache LuceneOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
To overcome these limitations some approaches start the retrieval evaluation without relevance judgments making use of pseudorelevance judgments Ranking retrieval systems without relevance judgmentsOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Query expansion  for example pseudorelevance feedback technique  thesauri such as WordNet  or structured translation Structured translation for crosslanguage information retrieval can be used to increase the efficiency of a retrieval systemOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
To overcome these limitations some approaches start the retrieval evaluation without relevance judgments making use of pseudorelevance judgments Regions and levels measuring and mapping users relevance judgmentsOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
Disambiguation techniques can be applied for example using cooccurrences of pair terms A new method for cross language information retrieval by summing weights of graphs or a general statistical approachOptimization of information retrieval for cross media contents in a best practice network
 provide a detailed description of RJMCMC for closed population models that allow for heterogeneity in capture probability and we provide R R Core Team  code and details of the algorithm for analysing a data set from a closed population of cottontail rabbits also presented by Capture recapture estimation using finite mixtures of arbitrary dimension et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
Local movements may occur in response to changing conditions in prey abundance or water depth facilitated by wetland connectivity Effects of the landscape on shorebird movements at spring migration stopovers and Parent Obernuefemann et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
We give details of the algorithm in this case as Supplementary material and we make R code available on request from the first authorWe check convergence of the algorithm by running three chains with random starting values for the parameters and using convergence diagnostic checks incorporated in the R package coda  Statistical inference for capture recapture experiments et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
The ydata formed by the raw counts and the Xdata formed by the H unique CRRHs together with their frequencies in n are the two data sets to be analysed using the M proposed integrated model which has two parts one that builds on Stopover duration analysis with departure probability dependent on unknown time since arrival et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
If potential heterogeneity in survival probabilities remains unmodelled then individuals with an overall higher survival probability will prevail at older ages which can result in the average survival probability appearing to increase by age Vaupel and Yashin Capture recapture models with heterogeneity to study survival senescence in the wild et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
 but it can also affect estimation of survival probabilities  Individual heterogeneity in recapture probability and survival estimates in cheetah et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
Local movements may occur in response to changing conditions in prey abundance or water depth facilitated by wetland connectivity Farmer and Parent Local movements and wetland connectivity at a migratory stopover of semipalmated sandpipers in southeastern United States et alBayesian analysis of JollySeber type models Incorporating heterogeneity in arrival and departure
We can coin thoughts it is suggested in the very act of articulating them often in the form of subvocalized selfdirected speech recent advocates include Language thought and consciousness Dennett aGaulker A matter of opinion
We also speak of making up or changing our minds about matters of fact about the truth of a theory say or the safety of a course of action or the honesty of a politician see Mind and change of mind A matter of opinion
For a wellknown dispositionalist position see The intentional stance  A matter of opinion
The bone marrow morphology of patients with ZBTBRARA APL tends to be distinct from those patients with either classical or the hypogranular variant of APL A new morphological classification system for acute promyelocytic leukemia distinguishes cases with underlying PLZF RARA gene rearrangementsCase Report Molecular Profiling A Case of ZBTBRARA Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia
Identification of the ZBTBRARA fusion is critical for therapeutic purposes as these patients are generally resistant to differentiating retinoid therapy specifically alltrans retinoic acid ATRA Poor response to all trans retinoic acid therapy in a t   PLZF RAR alpha patient and treatment should be with standard AML regimens according to current recommendations Case Report Molecular Profiling A Case of ZBTBRARA Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia
In murine models of APL induction of PMLRARA expression in myeloid stem cells results in a myeloproliferative disease that subsequently develops into leukemia with promyelocytic features after a relatively long latency implicating the requirement for further cooperating mutations to fully recapitulate the APL phenotype PML RAR and FLT ITD induce an APL like disease in a mouse modelCase Report Molecular Profiling A Case of ZBTBRARA Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia
Retinoidbased therapy in combination with either anthracyclines or arsenic trioxide results in favorable rates of complete remission and overall survival provided that the patient can be supportively managed through the initial coagulopathy Current management of newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukemiaCase Report Molecular Profiling A Case of ZBTBRARA Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia
Recent work developed also from sharing newly collected  and existing data Modifiable factors related to abusive behaviors in nursing home residents with dementiathe Dutch author analyzing the USOutcome Measures for Dementia in the Advanced Stage and at the End of Life
The most important symptoms at the end of life with dementia are pain shortness of breath and behavioral symptoms Dying with dementia symptoms treatment and quality of life in the last week of lifeOutcome Measures for Dementia in the Advanced Stage and at the End of Life
More than half of residents who were dying with advanced dementia experienced pain in the last week of life that was not satisfactorily managed Nursing home residents dying with dementia in flanders Belgium a nationwide postmortem study on clinical characteristics and quality of dyingOutcome Measures for Dementia in the Advanced Stage and at the End of Life
Some specific symptoms such as low energyfatigue psychomotor disturbance and low interestpleasure  and difficulty concentratingfidgety and feeling tiredsleep disturbance The clinical and occupational correlates of work productivity loss among employed patients with depression have been found to predict impairment in work productivityWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example the Canadian Community Health Survey CCHS recently reported a oneyear prevalence rate of  for MDD indicating that over  million Canadians suffer significant distress and impairment in functioning due to mood disorders Descriptive epidemiology of major depression in CanadaWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example one study reported that workers with MDD missed an average of  days of work in a month assessment period Depression and work impairment while another found that about  of work disability claims in Canada were attributed to mental illness predominant depression and other mood disorders Which Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Some specific symptoms such as low energyfatigue psychomotor disturbance and low interestpleasure Which presenteeism measures are more sensitive to depression and anxiety  and difficulty concentratingfidgety and feeling tiredsleep disturbance  have been found to predict impairment in work productivityWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example in a sample of employees on depressionrelated shortterm disability  were prescribed antidepressants Use of antidepressants among Canadian workers receiving depression related short term disability benefitsWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example Sanderson and colleagues  studied a nonclinical sample of  employees at  Australian call centres and examined depressive symptoms endorsed on a rating scale the Patient Health Questionnaire PHQ and effects on work productivity as measured by the work limitations questionnaire WLQ The work limitations questionnaireWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Assessment MeasuresAt their initial assessment all patients completed the QIDSSR  a validated selfrated scale to assess severity and type of depressive symptoms and the Sheehan Disability Scale Assessing psychiatric impairment in primary care with the Sheehan Disability ScaleWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Assessment MeasuresAt their initial assessment all patients completed the QIDSSR QIDS SR a psychometric evaluation in patients with chronic major depression a validated selfrated scale to assess severity and type of depressive symptoms and the Sheehan Disability Scale Which Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example women have been found to have more work absence days than men Association of chronic work stress psychiatric disorders and  Depression Research and Treatment chronic physical conditions with disability among workersWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Finally since the side effect profiles for individual antidepressants are quite different Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments CANMAT Clinical guidelines for the management of major depressive disorder in adults III Pharmacotherapy the choice of medication for working patients should take into account those side effects that most impair work functioningWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
In Canada the economic costs of depressionrelated presenteeism alone are estimated at over  billion annually The economic burden of mental health problems in CanadaWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
However the greater proportion of the total economic burden of MDD lies in reduced productivity or presenteeism in which the depressed individual remains in the work setting but with productivity suffering both in quality and quantity The assessment of chronic health conditions on work performance absence and total economic impact for employersWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
However the greater proportion of the total economic burden of MDD lies in reduced productivity or presenteeism in which the depressed individual remains in the work setting but with productivity suffering both in quality and quantity Sickness presenteeism prevalence attendance pressure factors and an outline of a model for researchWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
For example one study reported that workers with MDD missed an average of  days of work in a month assessment period  while another found that about  of work disability claims in Canada were attributed to mental illness predominant depression and other mood disorders Nature and prevalence of mental illness in the workplaceWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Depression is currently the fourth leading medical condition contributing to global burden of disease and is estimated to rise to second by the year  Projections of global mortality and burden of disease fromWhich Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Similar statistics are found for Europe  and the United States The epidemiology of major depressive disorder results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication NCS R Which Depressive Symptoms and Medication Side Effects Are Perceived by Patients as Interfering Most with Occupational Functioning
Circulating epitelial cells in patients with benign colon diseases showed that circulating epithelial cells are found in between  and  of patients with benign colonic disease the EPISPOT Cytokeratin  assay found circulating epithelial cells in between  and  of patients with benign colonic diseaseClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This finding is consistent with the fact that inflammatory cytokines can stimulate the migration of epithelial cells Circulating tumor cells in peripheral blood samples from patients with increased serum prostate specific antigen initial results in early prostate cancerClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
The detection of malignant CPCs had a sensibility of  specificity of  a positive predictive value of  and a negative predictive value of  Diagnostic performance of malignant prostate cells detected in blood for early detection of prostate cancer comparison to prostatic biopsyClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
It is assumed that the detection of CTCs is associated with cancer based on the finding that CTCs can be detected in all major cancers and not in healthy subjects or those with benign disease Tumor cells circulate in the peripheral blood of all major carcinomas but not in healthy subjects or patients with nonmalignant diseasesClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
Introduction Although the first report on circulating tumors was published by A case of cancer in which cells similar to those in the tumours were seen in the blood after death in  the lack of technology precluded further investigations on their clinical use until recentlyClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
A CPC was defined according to the criteria of international society of hematotherapy and genetic engineering ISHAGE Alphamethylacyl coenzyme A racemase as a tissue biomarker for prostate cancer and the expression of PS according to the consensus of the american association of pathologists Clinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
Similarly using RTPCR  of patients with benign prostatic disease had CPCs detected Positive prostatespecific antigen circulating cells detected by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction does not imply the presence of prostatic micrometastasesClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This has implications on systems based on EpCAM Cytokeratin or PSA alone and may explain why no significant differences were found on the frequency of CPCs detected in early prostate cancer and controls Isolation and characterization of circulating tumor cell from patients with localized and metastatic prostate cancerClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This has implications on systems based on EpCAM Cytokeratin or PSA alone and may explain why no significant differences were found on the frequency of CPCs detected in early prostate cancer and controls Prognostic value of prostate circulating cells detection in prostate cancer patients a prospective studyClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
Positive samples underwent a second process with antiPS clone H DAKO USA and identified with a peroxidasebased system LSAB DAKO USA with DAB  diaminobenzidine tetrahydrochloride as the chromogen according to the manufacturers instructionsA CPC was defined according to the criteria of international society of hematotherapy and genetic engineering ISHAGE  and the expression of PS according to the consensus of the american association of pathologists Inflammation and cancerClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This was defined as the presence of a nodule areas of indurations or asymmetry in the size of the lateral lobes Guidelines for prostatic biopsies best practiceClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
An ultrasound guided core biopsy was taken according to standard recommendations Standardization of the immunocytochemical detection of cancer cells in BM and blood I establishment of objective criteria for the evaluation of immunostained cells the European ISHAGE working group for Standardization of Tumor Cell DetectionClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
The thirty women acting as controls were all CPC negative in the  men the frequency of malignant CPC detection increased significantly with age and PSA level and is associated with a biopsy positive for cancer PS expressing prostate cells as a marker for prostate cancerClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
Normal or benign cells do not express PS whereas cells arising from prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia PIN or cancer are positive PS immunohistochemical detection in  prostatic specimens including   gauge needle biopsiesClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
The use of the biomarker PS although not prostate specific Alpha methylacyl CoA racemase a novel tumor marker over expressed in several human cancers and their precursor lesions has facilitated the differentiation between normal dysplastic and malignant tissues in prostate biopsy samplesClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This is in addition to the potential problem of CTCs that do not express EpCAM or cytokeratins Detection of EpCAM negative and cytokeratin negative circulating tumor cells in peripheral bloodClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
This may explain why after primary surgery the use of EpCAM Cytokeratinor PSAbased markers is associated with prognosis and survival All circulating EpCAM CK CD objects predict overall survival in castration resistant prostate cancerClinical Study Circulating Prostate Cells Found in Men with Benign Prostate Disease Are PS Negative Clinical Implications
New entropy type  Journal of Probability and Statistics information measures were introduced in Logarithmic Sobolev inequalities for information measures generalizing the known Fishers entropy type information measure while an exponentialpower generalization of the usual normal distribution was introduced and studied in Logarithmic Sobolev inequalities for information measuresGeneralized Information for the Order Normal Distribution
The G technology has huge data capabilities to support multiGbps data rates and has ability to gather unrestricted call volumes as well as infinite data broadcast within latest mobile technology G Introduction Future of Mobile Broadband Communication RedefinedG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
Therefore by having the beam forming beamforming weights can be adjusted to a desired area or location An introduction to millimeter wave mobile broadband systemsG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
The first one is fixed beam forming and another is adaptive beam forming System Capacity Enhancement of MmWave Based G Mobile Communication SystemG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
However by controlling the progressive phase difference between the elements the maximum radiation can be shifted in any desired direction to form a scanning array Antenna Theory Analysis and DesignG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
Scanning array antennas were developed initially for aircraft maritime and  A Wideband Frequency Scanning Microstrip Antenna Array with Low ProfileG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
Modern wireless communication systems require a low profile lightweight high gain and simple structure antennas to ensure reliability mobility and high efficiency Comparison between rectangular and triangular patch antennas arrayG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
Therefore mircostrip antenna is highly preferred due to its low profile easy to fabricate and feed and easy to use in the array or incorporate with other microstrip circuit elements Microstrip Patch Antenna for  GHZ Wireless ApplicationsG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
Circular polarizations dual characteristics dual frequency operation frequency agility broad bandwidth feed line flexibility and beam scanning can be easily obtained from these patch antennas Design of  elements rectangular microstrip patch antenna with high gain for   GHz applicationsG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
The difference in the measured and simulated results is mainly caused by the shift in the resonant frequencies An Integrated Diversity Antenna Based on Dual FeedG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
This is due to the structure of Antenna  causes significant mutual coupling between two radiating patches influencing the return loss of the radiating elements Application of Novel Cavity Backed Proximity Coupled Microstrip Patch Antenna to Design Broadband Conformal Phased ArrayG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
The low bandwidth is due to the strong mutual coupling between the elements that degrade the overall performance of the antenna array Design of Microstrip Patch Antenna Array for WLAN ApplicationG Fixed Beam Switching on Microstrip Patch Antenna
The former scrambles information so that it becomes unreadable by unauthorized parties whereas the latter conceals the very existence of information by embedding it into a carrier medium such as image audio file video file or text file Disappearing cryptography information hiding steganography watermarkingAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Its applications are diverse including secret communication copyright protection digital watermarking and tamper proofing Investigator s Guide to SteganographyAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
The one of Backus is known as the BackusNaur Form or BNF for short Backus Normal Form vs Backus Naur FormAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Its formalism was originally set by Chomsky  and  The syntax and semantics of the proposed international algebraic language of the Zurch independently of each otherAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Its formalism was originally set by Three models for the description of language and Backus  independently of each otherAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
The ContextFree Grammar and the LexiconA contextfree grammar or CFG is a mathematical system for modeling the structure of languages such as natural languages like English French and Arabic or computer programming languages like C Java and C Speech and Language ProcessingAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Basically the pixels of a bit BMP image are each composed of three bit color components namely R G and B components Fundamentals of Digital Image ProcessingAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Parsing is the process of deriving sentences for the language using the production rules of the CFG and the lexicon Compilers principles techniques and toolsAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Despite changing the actual grayscale values of the pixels this has little impact on the visual appearance of the carrier image because characteristically the Human Visual System HVS cannot differentiate between two images whose color values in the high frequency spectrum are marginally unalike An introduction to the visual systemAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
For instance in bit True Color BMP images using more than three LSBs per color component to hide data may result in perceptible artifacts in the carrier image Information Hiding A SurveyAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
One of the earliest techniques is the LSB technique which obscures data communication by inserting the secret data into the insignificant parts of the pixels of an image file more particularly into the least significantAn Image Steganography Scheme using Randomized Algorithm and ContextFree Grammar
Attending to all of these concurrent musical features is no easy task Attentional resource allocation in musical ensemble performance Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
Studies of divided attention show that performance decreases when attention must be divided amongst multiple tasks at once especially when they are processed by similar mental resources eg Doing two things at once The role of temporal compatibility Navon amp Gopher Pashler Wickens Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
Studies of divided attention show that performance decreases when attention must be divided amongst multiple tasks at once especially when they are processed by similar mental resources eg Klapp Navon amp Gopher Pashler Multiple resources and performance prediction Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
REATIVITY RESEARCH IS TYPICALLY FOCUSEDon creative processes and products conceived without time constraints Creativity From potential to realization Grigorenko amp Singer Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
For example in motor research long action sequences have been shown to consist of concatenations of shorter memorized motion patterns known as Generalized Motor Programsa basic building block of all movements Park amp Schema theory A critical appraisal and reevaluation Schema theory A critical appraisal and reevaluation amp Wulf Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
For example researchers who study language acquisition have reported that infants are able to decode patterns embedded within both natural and artificial languages Statistical language learning Mechanisms and constraints Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
In one such rare study two experts subjective ratings of improvisations performed by  semiprofessional cellists were found to increase over time for musicians with higher working memory capability but to decrease over time for those with low working memory Working memory benefits creative insight musical improvisation and original ideation through maintained task focused attention Nijstad Baas Wolsink amp Roskes Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
Studies of divided attention show that performance decreases when attention must be divided amongst multiple tasks at once especially when they are processed by similar mental resources eg Klapp Navon amp Gopher Dual task interference in simple tasks Data and theory Wickens Creating Under Pressure Effects of Divided Attention on the Improvised Output of Skilled Jazz Pianists
A case study of the use of short stories in a junior secondary ESL classroom in Hong Kongs  and Megawati and Anugerahwatis  studies with secondary school students in Hong Kong and Indonesia respectively investigated the use of stories to enhance students motivation and their writing abilityFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
Despite the plethora of literature advocating the benefits of using stories for teaching English with EFLESL learners Ellis amp Brewster Stories narrative activities for the language classroom  there is a dearth of research to support these claims Lee Tsou Wang amp Tzeng FROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
Narrative genreA good deal of useful work for stories has been done with genre pedagogy in particular Construing experience some story genres and Plums  description of narrative genreFROM STORYTELLING TO STORY WRITING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF READING TO LEARN RL PEDAGOGY TO TEACH ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE IN INDONESIA
The method is based in part on Yuens  method for comparing trimmed means with the familywise error rate the probability of one or more Type I errors controlled using a strategy that is similar to Pairwise multiple comparisons in the unequal variance cases  T techniqueIss   Article
Idiosomal notation of glands and lyrifissures follows Johnston amp Moraza The ontogeny of dorsal and ventral idiosomal setae is based on descriptions of larva and protonymphal instars of Gamasholapis variabilis given by Petrova  protonymph of Parholaspulus breguetovae given by Description on deutonymph of Parholaspulus paradichaetes and protonymph of Parholaspulus bregetovae Acari Gamasina Parholaspidae  et alMoraza  pea
 deutonymph of Gamasholaspis browningi given by Gamasoid mites of the genus Holaspina Gamasoidea Parholaspidae of the fauna of the USSR Gamasoid mites of the genus Holaspina Gamasoidea Parholaspidae of the fauna of the USSR    and deutonymph of Parholaspulus paradichaetes given by Ma et alMoraza  pea
Except for the works of Krantz  Petrova Petrova   Petrova    Ishikawa Ishikawa   a Datta amp Bhattacharjee  and Lee amp Lee  there are no extended publications of this family whose members are free living predaceous mites which live in litter the surface layer of the soil moss in association with mammals Cricetidae Muridae Gu amp Guo A new species of Gamasholaspis from China Acari Parholaspidae  et al Moraza  pea
Modelling  O  and  O  unidirectional fluxes in plants I Regulation of pre industrial atmosphere a demonstrated that a single reciprocal function exists linking CO  and O   and further showed that in large range of environmental parameters the CO  and O  exchanges of the green productive part of plants can be fitted by a simple model that mimics the rubisco response to O  and CO  variationsThe regulation of the air a hypothesis
 led Methane oxygen photosynthesis rubisco and the regulation of the air through time  to propose the existence of a prohibited region in O  CO  space where oxygen partial pressure would be so high that plant growth would stop and eventually the plant would respire itself to deathThe regulation of the air a hypothesis
This study shows the ability of SOM to automatically reconstruct previous subjective studies Easterly wind storms over Israel et al Levy et al Ziv and Yair Goldreich  characterizing the surface flow over IsraelWind regimes and their relation to synoptic variables using selforganizing maps
Some studies have reported relative losses of colored DOC across lake basins with increasing theoretical residence times In lake processes offset increased terrestrial inputs of dissolved organic carbon and color to lakes et al Curtis and Schindler  while other studies have found preferential loss of noncolored DOC in laboratory biodegradation experiments Hansen et al  and in time series analyses of brown headwater lakes Berggren et al Quality transformation of dissolved organic carbon during water transit through lakes contrasting controls by photochemical and biological processes
Some studies have reported relative losses of colored DOC across lake basins with increasing theoretical residence times Khler et al Hydrologic control of dissolved organic matter in low order Precambrian Shield Lakes and Schindler  while other studies have found preferential loss of noncolored DOC in laboratory biodegradation experiments Hansen et al  and in time series analyses of brown headwater lakes Berggren et al Quality transformation of dissolved organic carbon during water transit through lakes contrasting controls by photochemical and biological processes
Epilimnetic waters of relatively clear lakes showed losses in a  with WTTs a pattern also found elsewhere in Sweden Water renewal along the aquatic continuum offsets cumulative retention by lakes implications for the character of organic carbon in boreal lakes et al Weyhenmeyer et al Quality transformation of dissolved organic carbon during water transit through lakes contrasting controls by photochemical and biological processes
Regardless of whether one accepts that any such ideas can be transferred from ecology to disaster risk reduction there is no doubt that Holling and the other ecologists made a significant innovation when they began to utilise adaptive management in resilience studies Appraising adaptive management Resilience and disaster risk reduction an etymological journey
It stems from resilire resilio Latin for bounce hence the idea of bouncing back Disaster resilience a bounce back or bounce forward ability  et al The etymology of resilire resilio is unknown which indicates that it was probably a part of standard Latin as much as any such thing existed in Classical times and was thus a word used occasionally by accomplished men of lettersResilience and disaster risk reduction an etymological journey
After two books on What is a Disaster Quarantelli What is a Disaster New Answers to Old Questions and Quarantelli  it seems that no one can agree on the meaning of terms in the disaster risk reduction fieldResilience and disaster risk reduction an etymological journey
After two books on What is a Disaster What is a Disaster Perspectives on the Question Perry and What is a Disaster Perspectives on the Question  it seems that no one can agree on the meaning of terms in the disaster risk reduction fieldResilience and disaster risk reduction an etymological journey
Jenkins  and also the transfer of power from states to corporations Globalization and global governance and McMichael  but in its more recent period of being fashionable has reverted to a more traditional meaning as one of good governmentResilience and disaster risk reduction an etymological journey
In contrast with other enzymes rubisco seems inefficient with a sluggish reaction rate Despite slow catalysis and confused substrate specificity all ribulose bisphospahte carboxylases may be nearly perfectly optimized et al The regulation of the air a hypothesis
Longterm controls on the planetary atmosphere and temperatureOver time the Sun has steadily warmed Gough et al  with significant consequences for life on Earth Sagan and Chyba Goldblatt et al Nisbet and Nisbet Ueno et al No climate paradox under the faint early Sun et al see also FigThe regulation of the air a hypothesis
Carbonate precipitation and hence CO  in the air also depends on the alkalinity of the ocean set by the combined effects of river runoff which is itself influenced by atmospheric CO   and midocean ridge hydrothermal processes which are less linked to the atmosphere but do depend on the CO  content of the seawaterAs the Earth has evolved the continental area may have changed over time but see discussion in Processes on the young Earth and the habitats of early life and Nisbet The regulation of the air a hypothesis
To illustrate the movement to restrict masters training licensure or other government authorization to practice and employment to those sanctioned by one counselor education accrediting body the Council for the Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs CACREP threatens the viability of counseling psychology Jackson amp Scheel  and professional counseling Further extending the humanistic vision for the future of counseling A response to Hansen Hansen  in the USPsychology Counseling Psychology and Professional Counseling Shared Roots Challenges and Opportunities
To illustrate the movement to restrict masters training licensure or other government authorization to practice and employment to those sanctioned by one counselor education accrediting body the Council for the Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs CACREP threatens the viability of counseling psychology Jackson amp Scheel  and professional counseling BradyAmoon Extending the humanistic vision Toward a humanities foundation for the counseling profession  in the USPsychology Counseling Psychology and Professional Counseling Shared Roots Challenges and Opportunities
The foundations of psychologists training in the UK and US are similar as are the challenges to counseling psychologists to infuse or add on counseling psychologyspecific training elements APA Commission on Accreditation  such as humanistic Counselling psychology Origins developments and challenges amp Woolfe  and reflexive practice Martin Psychology Counseling Psychology and Professional Counseling Shared Roots Challenges and Opportunities
IDT has also been used at a very different level by Diffusionism and open access  to explain different adoption patterns of both OA journals and repositories worldwideOpenaccess repositories worldwide  Past growth current characteristics and future possibilities
In this paper to overcome the limitations of the aforementioned results we study the admission problem for the MOdelbased SElfadaptation of SOA systems MOSES service broker we proposed in A scalable and highly available brokering service for SLA based composite services which manages a composite service offering differentiated QoS service classesOptimal Admission Control for a QoSaware Serviceoriented System
Further recent empirical and theoretical work demonstrating that populations can diverge even in the face of effective migration Speciation with gene flow could be common Speciation with gene flow could be common and Feder  as well as new information about the permeability of genomes to betweenlineage gene flow Turner et alGenetically differentiated races and speciationwith geneflow in the sunflower maggot Strauzia longipennis
The incorporation of PUFAs into phospholipid subclasses is highly choreographed such that most PUFAs are initially incorporated into diacyl phospholipids subclasses before they are remodeled into the etherlinked phospholipids classes by coenzyme A CoAdependent or CoAindependent transacylase activities Horrocks Phospholipase A and its role in brain tissueIdentification of disease markers in human cerebrospinal fluid using lipidomic and proteomic methods
Instead of pointandclick actions the goalcrossing paradigm Beyond Fitts law models for trajectorybased HCI tasks could be usedA Case Study of MasterMind Chess Comparing MouseKeyboard Interaction with KinectBased Gestural Interface
In recent years finite element analysis FEA has become a popular tool to determine the equivalent elastic properties of any cellular structure of periodic nature Strain energy based homogenization method to find the equivalent orthotropic properties of sandwich structuresFinite Element Analysis of Bend Test of Sandwich Structures Using Strain Energy Based Homogenization Method
Numerous MD parallelizations have been described in the literature ranging from the easy to implement replicated algorithm  to the more difficult to implement spatial decomposition Parallelizing molecular dynamics using spatial decomposition which is generally more scalableApplication of Pfortran and CoArray Fortran in the parallelization of the GROMOS molecular dynamics module
The ease of implementation of an MD algorithm is important given the need for multiple algorithms to address the variability encountered in mapping molecular dynamics algorithms onto parallel architectures Evaluating parallel languages for molecular dynamics computationsApplication of Pfortran and CoArray Fortran in the parallelization of the GROMOS molecular dynamics module
They also indicated that shale Upper Continental Crust and chondrite normalized REE patterns showed that chemical weathering from source rocks in the continental crust erosion and terrigenous fluviatile sediment sources can be distinguished using the REE compositions of rivers Rare earth elements in river watersREE Geochemistry of Euphrates River Turkey
Rare earth elements REEs compositions have been studied in stream sediments The rare earth element compositions of the Changjiang Yangtze and Huanghe Yellow river sediments and in chemical weathering of drainage systems REE Geochemistry of Euphrates River Turkey
Assessment of metal contamination in sediments in the tributaries of the Euphrates River using pollution indices and the determination of the pollution source and  iek Uar  indicated that the calculated enrichment factor values of the heavy REE are more than those of light REE in the Geli stream sedimentsREE Geochemistry of Euphrates River Turkey
Another report has suggested that functional neuroimaging techniques can assist with the prognosis and diagnosis of patients with disorders of consciousness Consciousness revealed new insights into the vegetative and minimally conscious statesCase Report Is It Possible to Maintain Consciousness and Spontaneous Ventilation with Chest Compression in the Early Phase of Cardiac Arrest
Likewise in this aspect technique survival is another important indicator that is often cited as information that is required of the peritoneal dialysis performance however papers showing technique survival in haemodialysis are lackingIn PD comparisons among diabetic and nondiabetic and anuric patients and patients with residual renal function are frequent but comparisons between patients undergoing PD as first option versus PD as a second option after haemodialysis are scarce Clinical outcomes of peritoneal dialysis patients transferred from hemodialysis a matched casecontrol studyClinical Study Peritoneal Dialysis as a First versus Second Option after Previous Haemodialysis A Very LongTerm Assessment
In contrast in the NECOSAD study the authors considered anuric peritoneal dialysis patients to have acceptable patient and technique survival and the risk factors for death were the same as in the dialysis population as a whole  similar conclusions were found in the EAPOS study in anuric patients on APD  and in anuric patients with high body surface area Body surface area adequacy and technique failure in chronic peritoneal dialysisClinical Study Peritoneal Dialysis as a First versus Second Option after Previous Haemodialysis A Very LongTerm Assessment
Likewise in this aspect technique survival is another important indicator that is often cited as information that is required of the peritoneal dialysis performance however papers showing technique survival in haemodialysis are lackingIn PD comparisons among diabetic and nondiabetic and anuric patients and patients with residual renal function are frequent but comparisons between patients undergoing PD as first option versus PD as a second option after haemodialysis are scarce Analysis of the reasons for transfers between hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis and their effect on survivalsClinical Study Peritoneal Dialysis as a First versus Second Option after Previous Haemodialysis A Very LongTerm Assessment
In contrast in the NECOSAD study the authors considered anuric peritoneal dialysis patients to have acceptable patient and technique survival and the risk factors for death were the same as in the dialysis population as a whole  similar conclusions were found in the EAPOS study in anuric patients on APD Survival of functionally anuric patients on automated peritoneal dialysis the European APD Outcome Study and in anuric patients with high body surface area Clinical Study Peritoneal Dialysis as a First versus Second Option after Previous Haemodialysis A Very LongTerm Assessment
Oxaliplatin can cause acute and chronic neurotoxicity and can be an intolerable burden for these patients Incidence prevalence and predictors of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy A systematic review and meta analysisThe trajectory of neurotoxic side effects impact on daily life a qualitative study
The finding that neurotoxicity influences the patients daily life is a similar result to earlier studies Long term course of oxaliplatin induced polyneuropathy a prospective  year follow up study but those studies had crosssectional cohorts other disease stages and different study designsOur findings highlight the importance of being aware of neurotoxicity and its impact on the patients life situation in the first year posttreatmentThe trajectory of neurotoxic side effects impact on daily life a qualitative study
The finding that neurotoxicity influences the patients daily life is a similar result to earlier studies Impact of oxaliplatin induced neuropathy a patient perspective but those studies had crosssectional cohorts other disease stages and different study designsOur findings highlight the importance of being aware of neurotoxicity and its impact on the patients life situation in the first year posttreatmentThe trajectory of neurotoxic side effects impact on daily life a qualitative study
The posttreatment survivorship can be a distressed period of symptom burden fatigue and reduced mental wellbeing Mental health outcomes during colorectal cancer survivorship a review of the literatureThe trajectory of neurotoxic side effects impact on daily life a qualitative study
They usually generate user models that describe user interests according to a set of features Web search personalization with ontological user profilesOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
The Computer Science Ontology CSOis a largescale and granular ontology of research topics that was created automatically by running the Klink algorithm on the Rexplore dataset Exploring Scholarly Data with RexploreOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
In order to do so we characterized all SN publications according to their associated research topics by exploiting the Computer Science Ontology CSO a largescale automatically generated taxonomy of research areas Klink Integrating Multiple Web Sources to Generate Semantic Topic NetworksOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
This API supports a number of applications including Smart Book Recommender Smart Topic Miner  the TechnologyTopic Framework Forecasting the Spreading of Technologies in Research Communities a system that forecasts the propagation of technologies across research communities and the Pragmatic Ontology Evolution Framework  an approach to ontology evolution that is able to select new concepts on the basis of their contribution to specific computational tasksOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
It works according to three main steps It represents journals books and conferences according to the metadata of their chaptersarticles and uses the Smart Topic API Supporting Springer Nature Editors by means of Semantic Technologies to characterize each of them with a semantically enhanced topic vectorOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
A multilayer ontologybased hybrid recommendation model propose a hybrid recommendation model in which user preferences are described in terms of semantic concepts defined in domain ontologiesOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
RecomMetz A contextaware knowledgebased mobile recommender system for movie showtimes propose RecomMetz a contextaware mobile recommender system based on Semantic Web technologiesOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
OntologyBased User Modeling for Knowledge Management Systems describe OntobUM an ontologybased recommender that integrates three ontologies i the user ontology which structures the characteristics of users and their relationships ii the domain ontology which defines the domain concepts and their relationships and iii the log ontology which defines the semantics of the user interactions with the systemOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
Finding Experts By Semantic Matching of User Profiles use a different strategy by representing user profiles as bagsofwords and weighing each term according to the user interests derived from a domain ontologyOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
The main advantages of these solutions are i the ability to exploit the domain knowledge for improving the user modelling process ii the ability to share and reuse system knowledge and iii the alleviation of the coldstart and data sparsity problems Ontological user profiling in recommender systemsOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
With the advent of the Semantic Web several recommender systems started to adopt ontologies for representing both user interests and items SemanticsAware ContentBased Recommender SystemsOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
They are typically classified as collaborative filtering approaches contentbased filtering approaches and hybrid approaches Hybrid Web Recommender SystemsContentbased recommender systems  rely on a preexisting domain knowledge to suggest items more similar to the ones that the user seems to likeOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
They are typically classified as collaborative filtering approaches contentbased filtering approaches and hybrid approaches Contentbased recommender systems Contentbased Recommender Systems State of the Art and Trends rely on a preexisting domain knowledge to suggest items more similar to the ones that the user seems to likeOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
Related WorkRecommender systems are software tools and methods which provide suggestions for items to users according to their preferences and needs Recommender Systems HandbookOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
We are thus exploring the option of using datasets such as CrossRef   Dimensions   OpenCitations  and Core CORE Three Access Levels to Underpin Open AccessOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
We are thus exploring the option of using datasets such as CrossRef   Dimensions   OpenCitations Setting our bibliographic references free towards open citation data and Core OntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
We assess the similarity of two semantic vectors using the cosine similarity Termweighting approaches in automatic text retrieval since this measure relies on the orientation but not the magnitude of the topic weights in the vector space allowing us to compare editorial products associated with a different number of chaptersOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
We use the persistent identifiers for conferences and conference series introduced in the Linked Open Data Conference Portal  and recently migrated to SciGraph Data integration and disintegration Managing Springer Nature SciGraph with SHACL and OWLOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
We use the persistent identifiers for conferences and conference series introduced in the Linked Open Data Conference Portal International Semantic Web Conference and recently migrated to SciGraph OntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
This API supports a number of applications including Smart Book Recommender Smart Topic Miner  the TechnologyTopic Framework  a system that forecasts the propagation of technologies across research communities and the Pragmatic Ontology Evolution Framework Pragmatic Ontology Evolution Reconciling User Requirements and Application Performance an approach to ontology evolution that is able to select new concepts on the basis of their contribution to specific computational tasksOntologyBased Recommendation of Editorial Products
 applied cards to create innovative ways to teach mathematics The PLEX Cards and its techniques as sources of inspiration when designing for playfulness PDF Download Available and Arrasvuori  to support the design for playfulness both Golembewski and Selby  and Roubira  used cards as an inspiration tool to define and explore preliminary design ideas and Halskov and Dalsgrd  to explore how to apply technology to concepts from domain studiesIn Deng et alCodesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Everyday sexism as a social issueEveryday sexism rests on the concept that sexism is either faced or reproduced on a daily basis but is rarely noticed  Barreto et al Attention to Daily Encounters With Sexism as Way to Reduce Sexist Beliefs and Swim Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Adhering to Participatory Design principles  Heritage Having a say  in order to transcribe diversified experiences and knowledge on the cards could be seen as an efficient approach to design such cardsUsing participatory approaches to design cards has been described as having the potential to enable more engaging and effective design experiences and results Chow et al Golembewski and Selby Halskov and Dalsgrd Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Following the process of reflection presented by Learning from experience through reflection  in the new version the first word of  questions were added as a visual promptCodesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
The lived experiences were extracted from a website called everydaysexismcom where people shared their experiences on everyday sexism  Semantic Map of Sexism Topic Modelling of Everyday Sexism Project Entries et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
A study compared PLEX Cards which contain a definition and an informative illustration and DIXIT Cards which represent abstract illustrations and found similar results in terms of numbers of ideas generated  UnStructured Sources of Inspiration Comparing the Effects of Gamelike Cards and Design Cards on Creativity in Codesign Process et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Identifying everyday sexism and its different forms empathising with other peoples experiences and reflecting on them are seen as possible ways to contribute to gender equality  Becker and Swim Reducing the Endorsement of Sexism Using Experiential Learning The Workshop Activity for Gender Equity Simulation WAGES et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Most of the participatory models to design educational games are founded on educational theories and game design see for example Amory  Mapping learning and game mechanics for serious games analysis et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Yet it represents a challenge as best practices to codesign such games which require technical conceptual and educational skills still have to be defined  Carvalho et al  Is Participatory Design Associated with the Effectiveness of Serious Digital Games for Healthy Lifestyle Promotion A MetaAnalysis Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Some more recent models though have also included domain experts to define the learning content of the educational game Using games to raise awareness How to codesign serious minigames et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Yet it represents a challenge as best practices to codesign such games which require technical conceptual and educational skills still have to be defined  An activity theorybased model for serious games analysis and conceptual design et al DeSmet et al Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Everyday sexism as a social issueEveryday sexism rests on the concept that sexism is either faced or reproduced on a daily basis but is rarely noticed  The glass ceiling in the st century Understanding barriers to gender equality et al Becker and Swim Codesigning Cards on Social Issues for Creating Educational Games
Predicting results of the Research Excellence Framework using departmental hindex used departmental hindex aggregation to predict REF rankingsPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Furthermore the PRFS in Norway and Australia are both used for research evaluation but are not used for funding distribution Performancebased university research funding systemsPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Using Google Scholar institutional level data to evaluate the quality of university research recently completed an investigation that collected total citation counts from Google Scholar GS for the top  academics  from each UK institute and he found strong correlations with overall REF rankingsPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Evaluating researchpeer review team assessment and journal based bibliographic measures New Zealand PBRF research output scores in  finds only weak to moderate correlation with results from the New Zealand PRFS and a range of traditional journal rankingsPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Contrary to Anderson Benchmarking Google Scholar with the New Zealand PBRF research assessment exercise  used citations from Google Scholar GS and correlated these against the results from the New Zealand PRFS in Peer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
The rankings are of critical importance to the institutes as approximately  billion in QR funding from central government is distributed annually entirely on the basis of the REF results Excellence Framework  Overview report by Main Panel A and Subpanels  to Peer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
An ad hoc study by An alternative to REF also found a moderate to strong correlation between departmental research funding based on the results of the UKs Research Assessment and Evaluation RAE exercise conducted in  and departmental hindexPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Additionally studies by An analysis of the microsoft academic graph and   We systematically queried the MAG Evaluate API for each submission using a normalised version of the publications title lower case diacritics removedPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
DiscussionIt has been shown in  Do they agree Bibliometric evaluation versus informed peer review in the Italian research assessment exercise and that many bibliometric indicators show little correlation with peer review judgments at the article levelPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Several studies including The Metric Tide  The Building on success and learning from experience an independent review of the Research Excellence Framework Report  and the HEFCE pilot study  all state that metrics should be used as an additional component in research evaluation with peer review remaining as the central pillarPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Yet peer review has been shown by Impartial judgment by the gatekeepers of science fallibility and accountability in the peer review process  and  amongst others to exhibit many forms of bias including institutional bias gender  age related bias and bias against interdisciplinary researchPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Yet peer review has been shown by  Bias in peer review and  amongst others to exhibit many forms of bias including institutional bias gender  age related bias and bias against interdisciplinary researchPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Yet peer review has been shown by   and Peer review a flawed process at the heart of science and journals amongst others to exhibit many forms of bias including institutional bias gender  age related bias and bias against interdisciplinary researchPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
In an examination of one of the most critical forms of bias that of publication bias Testing for the presence of positiveoutcome bias in peer review a randomized controlled trial  noted that reviewers were much more likely to recommend papers demonstrating positive results over those that demonstrated null or negative resultsPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
The apparatus of research assessment is driven by the academic publishing industry calculated a very similar figure of  papers per day based on an estimate before the data we now have was availablePeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Rank hypocrisies The insult of the REF  is equally disparaging in regards to the volume of papers each reviewer was required to read and also expresses significant doubts about the level of expertise within the review panels themselvesIn addition to the potential pitfalls in the current methodologies there is also the enormous cost to be consideredPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
Additionally studies by  and The coverage of Microsoft Academic Analyzing the publication output of a university  We systematically queried the MAG Evaluate API for each submission using a normalised version of the publications title lower case diacritics removedPeer review and citation data in predicting university rankings a largescale analysis
The NACP was formally recognized by the United States in  under the mantle of the nations overall climate change management strategy The North American Carbon Program NACP  Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
The State of the Carbon Cycle Report established that North America is a net source of CO  to the atmosphere due to fossilfuel emissions and that there are globally important carbon sinks whose future is highly uncertain  The First State of the Carbon Cycle Report SOCCR The North American Carbon Budget and Implications for the Global Carbon Cycle National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Understanding how humans both experience and influence the carbon cycle and climate change is critical to the interests of decision makers Bernabo Making science useful to decision makers climate forecasts water management and knowledge networks weather and Ingram  such as those who confer support upon the member agencies of the NACP through funding and other resourcesSocial network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Many studies have used the relationships between authors of a document to study broad domains such as physics Scientific collaboration networks I Network construction and fundamental results a and mathematics  Barabsi et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
If all the nodes in the neighborhood of a scientistnode are connected to other scientistnodes of that neighborhood then the clustering coefficient of that neighborhood will be  if none of the other nodes in the neighborhood are connected to each other then the clustering coefficient will be zero  Basic notions for the analysis of large two mode networks et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
For example modularity is the fraction of the connections within given groups minus the expected such fraction if connections were distributed at random Modularity and community structure in networks Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
More recently studies have also employed narrower sampling approaches such as only including data from a specific journal Martin et al  or based on attendance records of participation for the active members of a community of business  Social networks of researchers in BB marketing a case study of the IMP Group   et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
But given enough connections isolated groups may converge into a single mass which encompasses the majority of nodes and in which everyone is potentially connected to everyone else by some path The structure of scientific collaboration networks bSocial network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Although scientific research does not have a simple causeandeffect relationship with improved societal outcomes some research has led to reduced exposure to extreme events improved forest management and effective policies to ensure agricultural sustainability  Enhancing climate resilience at NASA centers the Climate Adaptation Science Investigator workgroup CASI for science and stewardship et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
It is not clear from our analysis that such work is being done yet in the NACP The use of seasonal climate forecasting in policymaking lessons from Ceara northern Brazil Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
These investigations may also include the specific role humans play in the carbon cycle such as the impact of humangenerated emissions or the consequences of climate change to agriculture and food systems Berthelot et al Bradbear and Friel Dempewolf et al Simultaneously mitigating near term climate change and improving human health and food security et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Understanding how climate change may evolve over the coming decades requires significant investment in research about carbon and how it cycles through both living and nonliving states Cycles of Life Civilization and the Biosphere Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
For example one study explored the introduction of scientists who were previously unacquainted and from different research backgrounds using brief meetings during a conference  A network approach to mixing delegates at meetings et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Network analysis is a research approach that prioritizes relationships between social units as opposed to focusing on attributes of the individual units themselves Social Network Analysis Methods and Applications and Faust Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
RankJournals Articles  of total institutionally coauthored if it has more than one author address suggesting that the authors come from various institutions departments or other kinds of units Studying research collaboration using co authorships and Persson Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
For example previous studies have found that crossinstitutional collaboration supports the diffusion of innovations and new ideas within a field Star scientists and institutional transformation patterns of invention and innovation in the formation of the biotechnology industry and Darby Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
These investigations may also include the specific role humans play in the carbon cycle such as the impact of humangenerated emissions or the consequences of climate change to agriculture and food systems Berthelot et al Bradbear and Friel Adapting agriculture to climate change a global initiative to collect conserve and use crop wild relatives et al Shindell et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
These investigations may also include the specific role humans play in the carbon cycle such as the impact of humangenerated emissions or the consequences of climate change to agriculture and food systems Global response of the terrestrial biosphere to CO and climate change using a coupled climate carbon cycle model et al Bradbear and Friel Dempewolf et al Shindell et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Understanding how humans both experience and influence the carbon cycle and climate change is critical to the interests of decision makers Communication among scientists decision makers and society developing policy relevant global climate change research Feldman and Ingram  such as those who confer support upon the member agencies of the NACP through funding and other resourcesSocial network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Scientists frequently study these biogeochemical cycles in the context of subsystems such as the terrestrial biosphere landbased living systems oceanic systems both organic and inorganic forms of carbon and the atmosphere  The global carbon cycle a test of our knowledge of earth as a system et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Content analysis may be approached either inductively in a purely exploratory context or deductively when seeking to test known ideas or compare changes in content over time The qualitative content analysis process and Kyngs Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
It is not clear from our analysis that such work is being done yet in the NACP  Creating usable science opportunities and constraints for climate knowledge use and their implications for science policy Glob Environ and Lemos Lemos et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
We have noted that the knowledge domain of the NACP is codified within the US Carbon Cycle Science Plan Michalak et al  the Science Implementation Strategy for the North American Carbon Program of Implementation Strategy for the North American Carbon Program Report of the NACP Implementation Strategy Group of the U S Carbon Cycle Interagency Working Group  and similar supporting documentsSocial network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Many studies have used the relationships between authors of a document to study broad domains such as physics Newman a and mathematics  Evolution of the social network of scientific collaborations et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Content analysis of publications and projectsScientometric mapping and analysis using bibliographic data is a wellestablished methodology for which a variety of approaches techniques and automated tools have been developed Science mapping software tools review analysis and cooperative study among tools et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Existing research has demonstrated that analysis of abstracts and titles in bibliographic data can yield insight into the knowledge domains represented within the dataset CiteSpace II detecting and visualizing emerging trends and transient patterns in scientific literature Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Previous research has shown that just because research is policy relevant does not mean that policy makers will use it Scale and cross scale dynamics governance and information in a multilevel world et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
These investigations may also include the specific role humans play in the carbon cycle such as the impact of humangenerated emissions or the consequences of climate change to agriculture and food systems Berthelot et al Integrating climate change food prices and population health and Friel Dempewolf et al Shindell et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
In  The US North American Carbon Program NACP sponsored its first allscientist meeting to review progress in understanding the dynamics of the carbon cycle of North America and adjacent oceans and to chart a course for improved integration across scientific disciplines scales and Earth system boundaries  Investigators share improved understanding of the North American Carbon Cycle et al Social network and content analysis of the North American Carbon Program as a scientific community of practice
Survival rates of patients with pancreatic cancer have improved only marginally during the last  years with a year survival rate of only   Cancer statisticsNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
The patients in this trial were treated with Dconformal plans which have recently been shown to be equally effective and not significantly more toxic as IMRT plans in the neoadjuvant setting Intensity modulated radiotherapy as neoadjuvant chemoradiation for the treatment of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer Outcome analysis and comparison with a D treated patient cohortNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Perioperative complications were graded by Classification of surgical complications a new proposal with evaluation in a cohort of  patients and results of a surveys classification Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Acute toxicity and adverse effects were reported using the NCI common toxicity criteria v and RTOGEORTC recommendations for classifying late toxic effects of radiotherapy Toxicity criteria of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group RTOG and the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer EORTC Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Assessment and followup Resection specimens were graded and classified according to the sixth UICC TNM system TNM classification of malignant tumours th ednNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Threedimensional treatment planning was mandatory for radiotherapy at  Gy to  Gy tumor or  Gy regional lymph nodes planning target volume PTV   ml Comparison of four target volume definitions for pancreatic cancer Guidelines for treatment of the lymphatics and the primary tumorNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Additionally consequent supportive therapy may explain the improved tolerability of treatment in this trial compared to others avoiding loss of weight which was described to be a negative prognostic factor after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy Outcome after neoadjuvant chemoradiation and correlation with nutritional status in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancerNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Hematologic toxicity of gemcitabinebased CRT is directly related to radiotherapy volume and therefore volumes were strictly limited Combining gemcitabine with radiation in pancreatic cancer understanding important variables influencing the therapeutic index Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Therefore higher R resection rates after neoadjuvant treatment are expected to have an impact on survival Tumor infiltration in the medial resection margin predicts survival after pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomaNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
Therefore higher R resection rates after neoadjuvant treatment are expected to have an impact on survival Impact of margin status on survival following pancreatoduodenectomy for cancer the Leeds Pathology Protocol LEEPP Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
This progress was due to standardizing surgical therapy  worldwide and by the implementation of multimodal therapy Rectal cancer ESMO Clinical Practice guidelines for diagnosis treatment and follow upNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
This progress was due to standardizing surgical therapy Rectal cancer the Basingstoke experience of total mesorectal excision worldwide and by the implementation of multimodal therapy Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
The closest possible comparison of this trial is with adjuvant treatment especially with the CONKO trial conducted in the same population and with an observation arm Adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and long term outcomes among patients with resected pancreatic cancer the CONKO  randomized trialNeoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabinecisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer Results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial
MittagLeffler  Bianco et al a scaling with stretched exponential relaxation  exp t  at microscopic scales t lt  and asymptotical convergence to an inverse power law  t   for t   lt  lt   Novikov et al LinkenkaerHansen et al Gong et al Freeman et al Stam and de Bruin Feedback modulates the temporal scale free dynamics of brain electrical activity in a hypothesis testing task et al van de Ville et al Freyer et al Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
MittagLeffler  Brain music and non Poisson renewal processes et al a scaling with stretched exponential relaxation  exp t  at microscopic scales t lt  and asymptotical convergence to an inverse power law  t   for t   lt  lt   Novikov et al LinkenkaerHansen et al Gong et al Freeman et al Stam and de Bruin Buiatti et al van de Ville et al Freyer et al Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
The breakdown of scale invariance Ciuciu et al Modulation of scale free properties of brain activity in MEG et al  is tantamount to velocity changesOne possible way to represent this is to assume that brain dynamics makes steps between given locations of its phase space in which it dwells for a certain time and that times between two consecutive steps are characterized by a given waitingtime distribution WTDTime scales in cognitive neuroscience
Spatial extension introduces not only dynamical heterogeneity ie a spatial distribution of time scales but also time scales emerging from cooperative or competitive phenomena which typically display regimes and unfold at scales different from those of spatially local components  A fluctuating environment as a source of periodic modulation et al bAllegrini et al Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
Suitably modified versions of the FDT also hold for outofequilibrium systems  Cugliandolo et al Violation of the fluctuationdissipation theorem in glassy systems basic notions and the numerical evidence and Ritort Pottier and Mauger Allegrini et al Aquino et al On the other hand the FDT allows conceptualizing cognitive processes as fields acting upon brain activity Papo  whose response and associated time scales can be studied using response theory Kubo Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
The breakdown of scale invariance Log wavelet leaders cumulant based multifractal analysis of EVI fMRI time series evidence of scaling in ongoing and evoked brain activity et al Zilber et al  is tantamount to velocity changesOne possible way to represent this is to assume that brain dynamics makes steps between given locations of its phase space in which it dwells for a certain time and that times between two consecutive steps are characterized by a given waitingtime distribution WTDTime scales in cognitive neuroscience
This is a consequence of the fluctuationdissipation theorem FDT which establishes a general relationship between the equilibrium internal autocorrelation Ct of fluctuations of some observable of the system in the absence of the disturbance and the nonequilibrium response Rt of a system to small external perturbations The fluctuationdissipation theorem Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
MittagLeffler  Bianco et al a scaling with stretched exponential relaxation  exp t  at microscopic scales t lt  and asymptotical convergence to an inverse power law  t   for t   lt  lt   Novikov et al LinkenkaerHansen et al Gong et al Freeman et al Stam and de Bruin Buiatti et al van de Ville et al A canonical model of multistability and scaleinvariance in biological systems et al Time scales in cognitive neuroscience
Research DesignThe research design was based on Pattons  description of qualitative process evaluation and guidelines for the evaluation of complex interventions Developing and Evaluating Complex Interventions The New Medical Research Council GuidancePatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
The theory asserts that individuals with chronic illness have bodily knowledge that constitutes an important resource for coping and health and that patients bodily knowledge is developed through a dynamic nonlinear process of learning and healthrelated change in interaction with the environment Utilizing Bodily Knowledge in Patients with Chronic Illness in the Promotion of Their Health A Grounded Theory StudyPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Two of the few examples of interventions that are practiced more broadly are the Chronic Disease SelfManagement Education CDSME developed by Lorig and colleagues in the USA  and the Vitality Training Program VTP developed by The Body Has a History An Educational Intervention Program for People with Generalized Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain  in NorwayPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Theoretical inspiration for the intervention was also drawn from Antonovskys  theory on health as a dynamic continuum and The Phenomenology of Perceptions  phenomenological theory of the body as a foundation for knowledge and existenceThe new intervention was named the Bodyknowledging Program BKP and was organized in  sessions held over a period of  months and accomplished in groups or in individual formatPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Theoretical inspiration for the intervention was also drawn from Unraveling the Mystery of Health How People Manage Stress and Stay Wells  theory on health as a dynamic continuum and MerleauPontys  phenomenological theory of the body as a foundation for knowledge and existenceThe new intervention was named the Bodyknowledging Program BKP and was organized in  sessions held over a period of  months and accomplished in groups or in individual formatPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
IntroductionWith the prevalence of chronic illness rising worldwide there is a need to engage patients in health promotion work in order to prevent further deterioration to strengthen their health and their capacity to participate in society Europeans of Retirement Age Chronic Disease and Economic Activity  Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Overview of the Bodyknowledging Program BKPThe intervention was based on Bodyknowledging theory   Kroppskunnskaping Pasienten som ekspert i helsefremmende prosesser BodyknowledgingPatients as Expert in Health Promotion ProcessesPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Overview of the Bodyknowledging Program BKPThe intervention was based on Bodyknowledging theory Kroppskunnskaping En grunnleggende prosess for mestring ved kronisk sykdom Bodyknowledging A Basic Process of Coping with Chronic Illness  Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
However a longitudinal randomized trial of stroke survivors who accomplished CDSME showed that the intervention did not appear to impact selfefficacy and failed to influence outcomes such as mood or social outcomes Recovery Following Stroke The Role of Self Management EducationPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Improved health behavior and health status were also reported in a group of patients with serious mental illness Effectiveness of the Chronic Disease Self Management Program for Persons with a Serious Mental Illness A Translation StudyPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Research findings showed that the layled CDSME program resulted in improved health status and reduced health care costs among patients suffering from arthritis Evidence Suggesting That a Chronic Disease Self Management Program Can Improve Health Status While Reducing Hospitalization A Randomized Trial  Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
This was also confirmed in a Cochrane review that focused on the outcomes of CDSME   Self Management Education Programs by Lay Leaders for People with Chronic Conditions The Cochrane CollaborationThe Vitality Training Program VTP was led by health professionals trained in a  credit continuing education program to facilitate patients awareness in chronic illness Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Two of the few examples of interventions that are practiced more broadly are the Chronic Disease SelfManagement Education CDSME developed by Self Management Education History Definition Outcomes and Mechanisms and colleagues in the USA Self Management Education History Definition Outcomes and Mechanisms and the Vitality Training Program VTP developed by Steen and Haugli  in NorwayPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
However patient education and wellnessinterventions in the context of chronic illness are often specific to particular diagnostic groups and not designed to be applied across diagnostic categories Building Interventions for Persons with Chronic Disabling Conditions Family and Community Health  Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Summaries of research concerning people with various longterm conditions show that they have much in common as they face the challenges of trying to live as well as possible within the context of physical mental or social discomfort and limitation The Shifting Perspectives Model of Chronic IllnessPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Interventions based on such work will reflect the philosophical perspective of health within illness which holds that individuals living with longterm health problems are capable of experiencing health and wellbeing despite their conditions   Strengths Based Nursing Care Health and Healing for Person and FamilyPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Summaries of research concerning people with various longterm conditions show that they have much in common as they face the challenges of trying to live as well as possible within the context of physical mental or social discomfort and limitation Chronic Illness Impact and Intervention Eight EditionPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
This approach is in keeping with Paulo Pedagogy of the Oppresseds  pedagogy of the oppressed in which dialogue serves as the main method for helping people understand their situations and act in new ways by means of their own resourcesPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
This was in line with personcentered care which implies that patients are viewed as competent and are actively involved in the planning and conducting of their own care Person Centered Care An Approach That Improves the Discharge ProcessPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Content analysis Qualitative Content Analysis in Nursing Research Concepts Procedures and Measures to Achieve Trustworthiness was used to study program processes in greater depthPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Research DesignThe research design was based on Qualitative Evaluation and Research Methodss  description of qualitative process evaluation and guidelines for the evaluation of complex interventionsPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
The findings show that BKP fits into empowerment models of health promotion Foundations for Health Promotion as health care personnel explicitly attended to patients bodily knowledge and capabilitiesPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Research findings showed that the layled CDSME program resulted in improved health status and reduced health care costs among patients suffering from arthritis   Chronic Disease Self Management Program A  Year Health Status and Health Care Utilization OutcomesPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
A qualitative study described that participants awareness of emotional and bodily reactions was enhanced after VTP and that awareness of their own strategies and choices in managing their life situations with illness was raised I Am Not Only a Disease I Am So Much More Patients with Rheumatic Diseases Experiences of an Emotion Focused Group InterventionPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Studies of the outcomes showed that patients with musculoskeletal pain reported reduced pain increased paincoping abilities and reduced health care consumption after completion VTP   Learning to Have Less Pain Is It Possible A One Year Follow Up Study of the Effects of a Personal Construct Group Learning Program on Patients with Chronic Musculoskeletal PainPatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Studies of the outcomes showed that patients with musculoskeletal pain reported reduced pain increased paincoping abilities and reduced health care consumption after completion VTP Agency Orientation Perspective and Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain Effects of a Group Learning Program Based on Personal Construct Theory  Patients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
However patient education and wellnessinterventions in the context of chronic illness are often specific to particular diagnostic groups and not designed to be applied across diagnostic categories   Benefits of Wellness Interventions for Persons with Chronic Disabling Conditions A Review of the EvidencePatients Experience of the Outcomes of Engaging in a Broadly Applicable Health Promotion Intervention for Individuals Facing Chronic Illness
Also  due to the failure to adequately collect pelagic early life stages with the bottom trawl   larvae and juvenile fish of total length   cm were removed from subsequent analysesOceanographic data  Figure  were gathered from two moorings deployed in Kongsfjorden and Rijpfjorden  respectively see Comparison of zooplankton vertical migration in an ice free and a seasonally ice covered Arctic fjord An insight into the influence of sea ice cover on zooplankton behavior for detailsGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Altered marine community structures  and a northward expansion of boreal species Is the poleward expansion by Atlantic cod and haddock threatening native polar cod Boreogadus saida  are common expectations to some extent also supported by observations Gender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Such a skewed sex ratio has been anecdotally reported for polar cod from other true Arctic regions  and references therein Spawning energetics of Arctic cod Boreogadus saida in relation to seasonal development of the ovary and plasma sex steroid levels but without being discussed nor analysedGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
In addition previous studies from the American and Canadian Arctic Ecological studies of Arctic cod Boreogadus saida in Beaufort Sea coastal waters Alaska have also reported differences in the size of polar cod between inshore and offshore areasGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Understanding life history strategies the schedules of growth fecundity and mortality The evolution of life histories is imperative for our ability to predict species responses to environmental changeGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Males on the other hand for which body size does not restrict fecundity as much as in females Sex specific life history strategies in capelin Mallotus villosus  seemed to invest more energy egGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
In high Arctic marine ecosystems the polar cod Boreogadus saida is regarded as a key link in the food web between lower and higher trophic levels Polar cod Boreogadus saida and capelin Mallotus villosus as key species in marine food webs of the Arctic and the Barents SeaGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
In high Arctic marine ecosystems the polar cod Boreogadus saida is regarded as a key link in the food web between lower and higher trophic levels Trophic ecology of sympatric Arctic gadoids Arctogadus glacialis Peters  and Boreogadus saida Lepechin  in NE GreenlandGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
The Atlantic domains are characterized by higher presence of potential predators on polar cod Table  first of all the Atlantic cod Gadus morhua Cod haddock saithe herring and capelin in the Barents Sea and adjacent waters a review of the biological value of the areaGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
The high Arctic archipelago of Svalbard is characterized by water masses of both Atlantic and Arctic origin Figure  Water mass modification in an Arctic fjord through cross shelf exchange The seasonal hydrography of KongsfjordenGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
In addition previous studies from the American and Canadian Arctic Occurrence habitat use and behavior of seabirds marine mammals and Arctic cod at the Pond Inlet ice edge have also reported differences in the size of polar cod between inshore and offshore areasGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Importantly there are tight couplings among altered energy acquisition survival and consequently responses in energy allocation Fishinginduced evolution of growth concepts mechanisms and the empirical evidenceGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
A lower lengthatage and earlier ageatmaturation see discussion below of polar cod from the Atlantic domain can have several explanations including direct temperature effects on growth higher predation risk higher interspecific species competition or density dependent effects of polar cod itself such as intraspecific competition Climate change affects marine fishes through the oxygen limitation of thermal toleranceGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Polar cod has been a focal point for studies of climate Circum arctic comparison of the hatching season of polar cod Boreogadus saida A test of the freshwater winter refuge hypothesis and pollution impacts Gender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
libellula have previously been demonstrated for capelin in the Barents Sea Growth of polar cod Boreogadus saida Lepechin in the Barents SeaGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
For the LM we started out with a full model including all interactions and performed model simplification by stepwise removal of nonsignificant terms as suggested by R a language and environment for statistical computing Gender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Such a skewed sex ratio has been anecdotally reported for polar cod from other true Arctic regions  and references therein Distribution size and sexual maturity of Arctic cod Boreogadus saida in the northwest Atlantic during   but without being discussed nor analysedGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
Gonadal maturation was only considered from January  samples as males are known to increase gonad size several months before females Fat cycling in the mosquitofish Gambusia affinis fat storage as a reproductive adaptation making direct comparison of GSI between genders impossible except in the prespawning period in JanuaryGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
As the temperature is predicted to rise disproportionally more in the Arctic compared to global trends  these current and future perspectives are likely to pose a significant challenge for both the marine A Major Ecosystem Shift in the Northern Bering Sea as well as the terrestrial  Arctic ecosystemsGender Specific Reproductive Strategies of an Arctic Key Species Boreogadus saida and Implications of Climate Change
This was followed in the late s and s by three indepth sociological studies from the US and Sweden investigating unassisted cessation as a phenomenon in its own right Investigation of cigarette smokers who quit without treatment and one US sociological study in which unassisted cessation data were reported but this was not the primary focus of the studyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
What do we know about unassisted smoking cessation in Australia A systematic review Many smokers also appear to quit unplanned as a consequence of serendipitous events  throwing into question the predictive validity of some of these cognitive modelsThe enduring popularity of unassisted cessation persists even in nations advanced in tobacco control where cessation assistance such as nicotine replacement therapy NRT and the stopsmoking medications bupropion and varenicline are readily available and widely promotedThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Typical reasons included cost Self directed termination of excessive cigarette use among untreated smokers a sense of duty Six of the women in the study used sheer willpower to overcome the strong urges to smoke they experienced Thompson A personal quality or trait Abdullah Self directed termination of excessive cigarette use among untreated smokers Bottorff Stewart Common to all the storylines was the mens reluctance to rely on smoking cessation resources instead selfreliance willpower and autonomy figured more prominently Bottorff Commitment Being serious or resolute Self directed termination of excessive cigarette use among untreated smokers Mariezcurrena Murray Nichter Stewart Thompson One of the factors that did seem to differentiate this decision was that it was a firm decisionThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Subsequent to this no qualitative studies were identified that focused on unassisted cessation per se the six post studies from Hong Kong US UK Canada and Norway had as their primary focus either cessation in general What Chinese adolescents think about quitting smoking a qualitative study or health behaviour changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Subsequent to this no qualitative studies were identified that focused on unassisted cessation per se the six post studies from Hong Kong US UK Canada and Norway had as their primary focus either cessation in general Fathers narratives of reducing and quitting smoking or health behaviour changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
This was followed in the late s and s by three indepth sociological studies from the US and Sweden investigating unassisted cessation as a phenomenon in its own right Recovery from addictions without treatment an interview study and one US sociological study in which unassisted cessation data were reported but this was not the primary focus of the studyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Willpower was reported to be a method of quitting a strategy to counteract cravings or urges much as NRT or counselling is regarded as a method of quitting or a way of dealing with an urge to smoke A descriptive study of women who have successfully quit smoking or a personal quality or trait fundamental to quitting successThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
This was followed in the late s and s by three indepth sociological studies from the US and Sweden investigating unassisted cessation as a phenomenon in its own right The smoking cessation process and one US sociological study in which unassisted cessation data were reported but this was not the primary focus of the studyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 Subsequent to this no qualitative studies were identified that focused on unassisted cessation per se the six post studies from Hong Kong US UK Canada and Norway had as their primary focus either cessation in general I did not intend to stop I just could not stand cigarettes any more or health behaviour changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Prevalence of unassisted quit attempts in population based studies a systematic review of the literature Many smokers also appear to quit unplanned as a consequence of serendipitous events  throwing into question the predictive validity of some of these cognitive modelsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Subsequent to this no qualitative studies were identified that focused on unassisted cessation per se the six post studies from Hong Kong US UK Canada and Norway had as their primary focus either cessation in general Unplanned attempts to quit smoking a qualitative exploration or health behaviour changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Understanding sustained behavior change The role of life crises and the process of reinvention Health An Interdisciplinary Journal for the Social Study of Health Research question  What are the views and experiences of smokers who quit unassistedThe full set of concepts derived from the qualitative literature is shown in Fig  Concepts were grouped into those that included descriptive themes that have already been covered in the literature Fig B below the line and those concepts that included descriptive themes that provided potentially new insights into unassisted cessation Fig A above the lineThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Subsequent to this no qualitative studies were identified that focused on unassisted cessation per se the six post studies from Hong Kong US UK Canada and Norway had as their primary focus either cessation in general Smoking among low income pregnant women an ethnographic analysis or health behaviour changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
A qualitative inquiry into smoking cessation lessons learned from smokers Graduate School of Emory University While completing that review we determined that the available qualitative research was concerned primarily with evaluating smoker and exsmoker perceptions of massreach interventions such as marketing or retail regulations tax increases graphic health warnings smokefree legislation or intervention acceptability from the perspective of the GP current smoker or third parties likely to be impacted by massreach interventionsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Conducting a meta ethnography of qualitative literature lessons learnt By integrating individual qualitative research studies into a qualitative synthesis new insights and understandings can be generated and a cumulative body of empirical work producedThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Experiences of being a teenage mother in the UK a report of a systematic review of qualitative studies By focusing our review on the views of smokers ieThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
The health belief model and personal health behaviour These theories have provided constructs to smoking cessation research such as perceived behavioural control subjective norms  outcome expectations selfregulation  decisional balance  perceived benefits perceived barriers and selfefficacyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Use and perceived helpfulness of smoking cessation methods results from a population survey of recent quitters It is widely accepted that searching the qualitative literature is difficultThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
The clients perspective on change during treatment for an alcohol problem qualitative analysis of follow up interviews in the UK McDermott and Graham also advocated for the need for contemporary public health policy to ground itself in the experiences of those whose lifestyles it seeks to changeThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Constructing grounded theory a practical guide through qualitative analysis Next the linebyline codes that were conceptually similar were grouped into descriptive themes and then these descriptive themes were grouped into overarching conceptsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
It could be fruitful for future research to further examine the meaning of willpower and particularly its relationship to other more tightly defined concepts such as selfefficacy  selfregulation Self determination and selfdetermination  from the perspective of both researchers and smokersThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
It could be fruitful for future research to further examine the meaning of willpower and particularly its relationship to other more tightly defined concepts such as selfefficacy Development and validation of a scale measuring self efficacy of current and former smokers selfregulation  and selfdetermination  from the perspective of both researchers and smokersThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
The commitment to quitting smoking scale initial validation in a smoking cessation trial for heavy social drinkers The greater research interest in reasons for quitting or pros and cons of quitting ie motivation as opposed to commitment may be because motivation is simpler to measure for example by asking people to rate or rank reasons costs or benefitsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Finding qualitative research an evaluation of search strategies Although it is possible that relevant studies were missed given the comprehensiveness of our search strategy the comparative lack of studies found through searching seems likely to reflect an evidence gap and therefore an important area for future researchThis lack of qualitative research was unexpected for two reasonsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 Further complicating the relationship some regard commitment as a component of motivation  operationalizing motivation as for example determination to quit Do transtheoretical model measures predict the transition from preparation to action in smoking cessation  or commitment to quitThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
First we were aware of a small but not unsubstantial body of quantitative evidence on smokers who quit unassisted Self initiated smoking cessation a review of the empirical literature from a stress and coping perspective and second in the course of our literature search we had identified a considerable number of qualitative studies on smoking cessationThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
First we were aware of a small but not unsubstantial body of quantitative evidence on smokers who quit unassisted Debunking myths about self quitting evidence from  prospective studies of persons who attempt to quit smoking by themselves and second in the course of our literature search we had identified a considerable number of qualitative studies on smoking cessationThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
First we were aware of a small but not unsubstantial body of quantitative evidence on smokers who quit unassisted Relapse and maintenance issues for smoking cessation and second in the course of our literature search we had identified a considerable number of qualitative studies on smoking cessationThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Appraising qualitative research for inclusion in systematic reviews a quantitative and qualitative comparison of three methods Concern with procedural correctness can unduly focus attention on the reporting of the research process and divert attention away from the analytical content of the researchThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
First we were aware of a small but not unsubstantial body of quantitative evidence on smokers who quit unassisted Self change and therapy change of smoking behavior a comparison of processes of change in cessation and maintenance and second in the course of our literature search we had identified a considerable number of qualitative studies on smoking cessationThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Motivational factors predict quit attempts but not maintenance of smoking cessation findings from the International Tobacco Control Four Country project Motivation has been identified as critical to explaining cessation successThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Adherence to and reasons for premature discontinuation from stop smoking medications data from the ITC Four Country Survey Further complicating the relationship some regard commitment as a component of motivation  operationalizing motivation as for example determination to quit  or commitment to quitThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 Further complicating the relationship some regard commitment as a component of motivation Stages of change in the modification of problem behaviors operationalizing motivation as for example determination to quit  or commitment to quitThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
First we were aware of a small but not unsubstantial body of quantitative evidence on smokers who quit unassisted Self change processes self efficacy and decisional balance across five stages of smoking cessation and second in the course of our literature search we had identified a considerable number of qualitative studies on smoking cessationThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Tobacco in Australia Facts and Issues Melbourne Cancer Council Victoria Behavioural scientists have developed a range of health behaviour models and constructs relevant to smoking cessation such as the theory of planned behaviour social cognitive theory the transtheoretical model and the health belief modelThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Integrative approaches to qualitative and quantitative evidence By integrating individual qualitative research studies into a qualitative synthesis new insights and understandings can be generated and a cumulative body of empirical work producedThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 Many smokers also appear to quit unplanned as a consequence of serendipitous events Catastrophic pathways to smoking cessation findings from national survey throwing into question the predictive validity of some of these cognitive modelsThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
In contrast the phenomenon of selfchange also known as natural recovery is comparatively well documented in the fields of drug and alcohol addiction What do marshmallows and golf tell us about natural recovery research and health behaviour change for example eating disorders obesity and gamblingThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Yet although these interventions are efficacious Physician advice for smoking cessation the majority of smokers who quit successfully do so without using them choosing instead to quit unassisted that is without pharmacological or professional supportThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
The phenomenon of self change overview and key issues We recently published a systematic review of unassisted cessation in AustraliaThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 We like others The global research neglect of unassisted smoking cessation causes and consequences established that the majority of contemporary cessation research is quantitative and intervention focusedThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Yet although these interventions are efficacious Telephone counselling for smoking cessation the majority of smokers who quit successfully do so without using them choosing instead to quit unassisted that is without pharmacological or professional supportThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Methods for the synthesis of qualitative research a critical review Such syntheses have proven useful to health policy and practiceThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Cochrane handbook for systematic reviews of interventions We used empirically derived qualitative research filters where available MEDLINE  CINAHL  and PsycINFO  Table The Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 We used empirically derived qualitative research filters where available MEDLINE Developing optimal search strategies for detecting clinically relevant qualitative studies in MEDLINE CINAHL  and PsycINFO  Table The Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 We used empirically derived qualitative research filters where available MEDLINE  CINAHL Search strategies for identifying qualitative studies in CINAHL and PsycINFO  Table The Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
 We used empirically derived qualitative research filters where available MEDLINE  CINAHL  and PsycINFO Developing optimal search strategies for retrieving qualitative studies in PsycINFO Table The Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
We complemented this search strategy by conducting berry picking Handbook for synthesizing qualitative research including grey literature searching reference checking and author searching to uncover articles that are difficult to locate by modifying search terms and shifting searching strategies Fig Records were included if  the article reported on the views or experiences of smokers or exsmokers who quit  the data collection and analysis methods were reported as qualitative by the authors and  the article was in EnglishThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Yet although these interventions are efficacious Pharmacological treatments for smoking cessation the majority of smokers who quit successfully do so without using them choosing instead to quit unassisted that is without pharmacological or professional supportThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
The Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence The theory of planned behaviorThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Stages and processes of self change of smoking toward an integrative model of change These theories have provided constructs to smoking cessation research such as perceived behavioural control subjective norms  outcome expectations selfregulation  decisional balance Stages and processes of self change of smoking toward an integrative model of change perceived benefits perceived barriers and selfefficacyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Social foundations of thought and action a social cognitive theory These theories have provided constructs to smoking cessation research such as perceived behavioural control subjective norms  outcome expectations selfregulation Social foundations of thought and action a social cognitive theory decisional balance  perceived benefits perceived barriers and selfefficacyThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
In contrast the phenomenon of selfchange also known as natural recovery is comparatively well documented in the fields of drug and alcohol addiction Why is natural recovery so common for addictive disorders and health behaviour change for example eating disorders obesity and gamblingThe Views and Experiences of Smokers Who Quit Smoking Unassisted A Systematic Review of the Qualitative Evidence
Measuring academic influence Not all citations are equal combine these earlier approaches and suggest a range of  classification features including both semantic and metric features to determine influenceIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
There have been several different methodologies applied to this task Automatic classification of citation function focuses on semantic similarity identifying cuephrases in the citing paper such as we used or further to the work ofIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Most measures widely used to measure performance of research such as the controversial Journal Impact Factor JIF Citation analysis as a tool in journal evaluation hindex  and Eigenfactor  rely on citation countsIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
 Counting citations in texts rather than reference lists to improve the accuracy of assessing scientific contribution first suggest the idea of using an internal citation count based on the full text of a research paper rather than just the bibliography to determine influenceIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Most measures widely used to measure performance of research such as the controversial Journal Impact Factor JIF  hindex An index to quantify an individuals scientific research output and Eigenfactor  rely on citation countsIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Can citation indexing be automated the original proponent of the JIF  proposed a range of  different reasons a paper may be citedIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Open Access repositories such as that provided by CORE CORE three access levels to underpin open access are allowing researchers to utilise the full text of research papers and articles in ways not possible with the metadata offered by bibliographic databases aloneIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
However automatic text extraction from PDF is known to be problematic Digital libraries and autonomous citation indexingIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Some tools for inferring the document structure such as ParsCit Parscit an opensource crf reference string parsing package require initial conversion to plain textIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
It is extremely interesting to note that all studies which employed human annotators to judge citation influence Identifying functions of citations with citalo reported a broadly similar ratio of positive examplesIncidental or influential Challenges in automatically detecting citation importance using publication full texts
Thus The Sources of Economic Growth in the United States and the Alternatives Before Us Committee for Economic Development  suggested that at the level of working hours in  when weekly working hours were  hours averaged over  weeks a reduction in hours would be fully offset in gains that would leave output unchangedThe Productivity of Working Hours
 These were reported by Report on the Health and Physical Condition of Male Munition Workers  and Campbell and Wilson The Productivity of Working Hours
 These were reported by Agnew  and Inquiry into the Health of Women Engaged in Munition Factories and Wilson The Productivity of Working Hours
 A decade later Interes del empleador en las horas de Trabajo del empleado  wrote another paper on work hours that was published in a Spanishlanguage journalThe Productivity of Working Hours
Is it possible that employers were unaware that hours could be reduced without loss of outputThis was the opinion of The Theory of Wages The Productivity of Working Hours
Women doing Men s Work and Women doing Women s Work Female Work and Pay in British Wartime Engineering Differences across hours in output per  Recall from the Introduction that Denison  guessed that in terms of equation    The Productivity of Working Hours
 Rarely is the basic identification question addressed as a quantity hours and price wage relationship why is this equation a supply function and not a demand function or some hybrid relation In fact this question was taken up by Hours of Work and Hours of Leisure  in an article written almost sixty years ago in which he offered an explanation for the decline in the length of the working week since the end of the nineteenth centuryThe Productivity of Working Hours
The focus of these and subsequent reviews such as those of Brown  and Hours of Work and Output and Kohler  was on before and after comparisons did output fall after a discrete cut in working hours The results in this paper are based on more than two observations before and after on hours and suggest that the effect on output of a reduction in hours depends on the initial level of working hoursIn more recent years economists have estimated aggregate production functions  in which the effects of variations in the number of workers are distinguished from the effects of variations in hours worked per workerThe Productivity of Working Hours
The focus of these and subsequent reviews such as those of Hours and Output  and Kossoris and Kohler  was on before and after comparisons did output fall after a discrete cut in working hours The results in this paper are based on more than two observations before and after on hours and suggest that the effect on output of a reduction in hours depends on the initial level of working hoursIn more recent years economists have estimated aggregate production functions  in which the effects of variations in the number of workers are distinguished from the effects of variations in hours worked per workerThe Productivity of Working Hours
We also found a gradual increase in the proportion of women to men living with MS this is compatible with recent observations from elsewhere in Canada   and the UK Incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis in the UK   a descriptive study in the General Practice Research Database  and is likely due to the changing demographics older mean age of the general population and the greater life expectancy of women compared to menHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
No estimates of the prevalence of MS in BC using populationbased linked health administrative data have been reported and the incidence of MS in BC has not been previously estimated by any methodWe aimed to estimate the incidence and prevalence of MS in BC Canada using previously validated case definitions of MS The incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis in nova scotia based on health administrative dataHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
No estimates of the prevalence of MS in BC using populationbased linked health administrative data have been reported and the incidence of MS in BC has not been previously estimated by any methodWe aimed to estimate the incidence and prevalence of MS in BC Canada using previously validated case definitions of MS The rising prevalence and changing age distribution of multiple sclerosis in Manitoba based on health administrative dataHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
It is estimated that more than two million people live with this disease worldwide  although the incidence and prevalence vary geographically Incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis in Europe a systematic reviewHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
It is estimated that more than two million people live with this disease worldwide  although the incidence and prevalence vary geographically MS incidence and prevalence in Africa Asia Australia and New Zealand a systematic reviewHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
It is estimated that more than two million people live with this disease worldwide  although the incidence and prevalence vary geographically Incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis in the Americas a systematic reviewHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Both incidence and prevalence were calculated per  people using the BC midyear population and were age and sex standardized to the  Canadian population for consistency to prior Canadian work Incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis inHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
For the validation population Nova Scotia Canada all of whom had at least one claim for a demyelinating disease this definition had a sensitivity of   and specificity of   the specificity would however be substantially higher in the general population given that   of individuals have no demyelinating claims Development and validation of an administrative data algorithm to estimate the disease burden and epidemiology of multiple sclerosis in OntarioHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Furthermore reports of recent increases in the incidence and prevalence and in the ratio of women to men with MS have been inconsistent across regions The changing demographic pattern of multiple sclerosis epidemiologyHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Furthermore reports of recent increases in the incidence and prevalence and in the ratio of women to men with MS have been inconsistent across regions Temporal trends in the incidence of multiple sclerosis a systematic reviewHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Survival has improved for both the BC general population and for people with MS in BC over the past  years Relative mortality and survival in multiple sclerosis findings from British Columbia CanadaHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
The BC administrative health databases have been used both independently and combined with equivalent data from other Canadian provinces to identify and study other chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension Validation of a case definition to define hypertension using administrative dataHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
The BC administrative health databases have been used both independently and combined with equivalent data from other Canadian provinces to identify and study other chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension Validation of diabetes case definitions using administrative claims dataHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
This proportion may seem low particularly when compared to a previous estimate   derived from a volunteer sample of patients recruited from Canadian MS treatment centres Treatment experience burden and unmet needs TRIBUNE in multiple sclerosis the costs and utilities of MS patients in CanadaHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past  although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES Is high socioeconomic status a risk factor for multiple sclerosis A systematic reviewHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past Exploring the implications of small area variation in the incidence of multiple sclerosis although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past Multiple sclerosis in Australia socioeconomic factors although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past Risk factors for multiple sclerosis a case control study in Israel although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past Epidemiology of multiple sclerosis in US veterans VII Risk factors for MS although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similar observations have been made in the past The social epidemiology of multiple sclerosis although others have reported either no relationship or a negative association with SES High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Similarly improved survival has been found in other MS populations including those from Denmark  and Norway Survival and cause of death in multiple sclerosis results from a  year follow up in Western NorwayHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
While this seems in contrast to some other regions of the world where recent increases in incidence rates have been reported  a stable incidence rate has also been found over a similar time period in other Canadian provinces Incidence and prevalence of multiple sclerosis in Newfoundland and Labrador and the UK High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
While this seems in contrast to some other regions of the world where recent increases in incidence rates have been reported  a stable incidence rate has also been found over a similar time period in other Canadian provinces Contribution of incidence to increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in Alberta and the UK High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
population denominator CI confidence interval a Crude prevalence sex ratio prevalence proportion in women prevalence proportion in men changes in MS diagnostic criteria Recommended diagnostic criteria for multiple sclerosis guidelines from the International Panel on the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis and increasing availability of diseasemodifying drugsHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Other than a study based on selfreported MS  the last provincewide estimate of MS prevalence which used clinically confirmed definitions was  in  Prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British ColumbiaHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Other than a study based on selfreported MS Regional variation of multiple sclerosis prevalence in Canada the last provincewide estimate of MS prevalence which used clinically confirmed definitions was  in  High incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
Furthermore reports of recent increases in the incidence and prevalence and in the ratio of women to men with MS have been inconsistent across regions Geographical variations in sex ratio trends over time in multiple sclerosisHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
The   confidence intervals CI were calculated based on the Gamma distribution Confidence intervals for directly standardized rates a method based on the gamma distributionHigh incidence and increasing prevalence of multiple sclerosis in British Columbia Canada findings from over two decades
On the relations between action planning object identification and motor representations of observed actions and objects validated the affordance concept as part of an interesting empirical studyAffordances in conversational interactions with multimodal QA systems
The Psychology of Everyday Things in  many researchers such as Gaver Hartson and Noman himself struggled with several definitions and categorizations in an effort to clarify the concept making it operational for evaluationsAffordances in conversational interactions with multimodal QA systems
Another attempt to extend and refine Normans concept of real and perceived affordance came from Cognitive physical sensory and functional affordances in interaction design Affordances in conversational interactions with multimodal QA systems
Under the assumption of an unchanging relationship between hazard and resulting damage  event probability can be seen as a proxy for risk  Anthropogenic greenhouse gas contribution to flood risk in England and Wales in autumn  et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
However this does not apply for the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation AMO pattern which switches modes only on decadal and longer timescales Atlantic Ocean influence on a shift in European climate in the s  Attribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
 attempts to answer this question for several extreme events that occurred in  and  with one of the studies being an attribution study of exceptionally warm Novembers in central England  Have the odds of warm November temperatures and of cold December temperatures in central England changed et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
We concentrate our analysis on day means which give the better distribution in the model and are furthermore an important indicator for flood risk eg Detecting change in UK extreme precipitation using results from the climateprediction net BBC climate change experiment and Kilsby Detecting change in UK extreme precipitation using results from the climateprediction net BBC climate change experiment et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
The models used are HadAMP an atmosphere only GCM at    degrees resolution forced with observed SSTs from the HadISST data set  Global analyses of sea surface temperature sea ice and night marine air temperature since the late nineteenth century et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
A regional frequency analysis of United Kingdom extreme rainfall from  to  and Kilsby  demonstrated that multiday precipitation is an important causal factor in floods and found no significant changes in  day precipitation in the period  compared to earlier decades but significant changes in day eventsAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
It is important to highlight here that precipitation in the relevant month although important is only one factor determining flood risk  Attribution of Autumn Winter  flood risk in England to anthropogenic climate change a catchment based study et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
This project makes use of the largeensemble capability provided by the ongoing climatepredictionnet weatherhome volunteer computing network Allen Data access and analysis with distributed federated data servers in climateprediction net et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
Both models have been developed by the UK Met Office and are based upon the atmospheric component of HadCM  The impact of new physical parameterizations in the Hadley centre model Hadam et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
One of the most recent series of studies in this field  Explaining extreme events of  from a climate perspective et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
We made no attempt to quantify the uncertainty in the observed data sets but assessments can be found in Updated precipitation series for the U K and discussion of recent events and Jones Kalnay et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
We made no attempt to quantify the uncertainty in the observed data sets but assessments can be found in Alexander and Jones The NCEP NCAR  year reanalysis project et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
This project makes use of the largeensemble capability provided by the ongoing climatepredictionnet weatherhome volunteer computing network Do it yourself climate prediction Massey et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
As current state of the art GCM sea ice projections are inconsistent with observations and with respect to other models  On the reliability of simulated Arctic sea ice in global climate models et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
 the England and Wales floods of  and the Russian heat wave of   Was there a basis for anticipating the  Russian heat wave et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
However the mismatch could also indicate that the AMO is not the most important trigger see also eg Links between multidecadal and interdecadal climatic oscillations in the North Atlantic and regional climate variability of northern France and England since the th century et alAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
 that for the fraction of attributable risk FAR calculation Liability for climate change  the actual value of the threshold does not matterAttribution analysis of high precipitation events in summer in England and Wales over the last decade
As this suggests central to a critical analysis of the use of the new social media and mobile devices to promote health is a recognition of these technologies as part of surveillance society a term used by some writers to denote the increasing ubiquity of surveillance technologies in everyday life which are used to record survey monitor and discipline people for example The surveillant assemblage and Ericson Lyon Lyon Bennett MHEALTH AND HEALTH PROMOTION THE DIGITAL CYBORG AND SURVEILLANCE SOCIETY
As this suggests central to a critical analysis of the use of the new social media and mobile devices to promote health is a recognition of these technologies as part of surveillance society a term used by some writers to denote the increasing ubiquity of surveillance technologies in everyday life which are used to record survey monitor and discipline people for example Haggerty and Ericson Surveillance power and everyday life Surveillance power and everyday life Bennett MHEALTH AND HEALTH PROMOTION THE DIGITAL CYBORG AND SURVEILLANCE SOCIETY
Hence according to this account which emphasizes the role of the hippocampus as the sparring partner of the neocortex sleep has the potential to make memories more accessibleIn contrast theories grounded in the notion of retroactive interference The psychology and neuroscience of forgetting  see also Mednick Cai Shuman Anagnostaras amp The psychology and neuroscience of forgetting  insist that during slowwave sleep synaptic plasticity in the hippocampus is nullSleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
However as Intratrial and intertrial retention Notes towards a theory of free recall verbal learning Intratrial and intertrial retention Notes towards a theory of free recall verbal learning    amongst others pointed out this approach is inherently blind to fluctuations at the itemlevelSleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
By testing recall after intervals ranging between one and eight hours these researchers found that the presence of sleep in the retention interval had a protective influence forgetting curves were less steep for intervals filled with sleep than for those filled with active wakeNine decades down the forgetting curves the beneficial impact of sleep on memory is well established see Memory consolidation amp Cai  for a reviewSleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
Thus on the basis of these nonlinear changes we know that for the sleep group something akin to systems consolidation had been triggered eg Shift from hippocampal to neocortical centered retrieval network with consolidation et al Sleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
Given this concern I reanalyzed the data from two published studies Dumay amp Gaskell Sleep spindle activity is associated with the integration of new memories and existing knowledge Payne Stickgold Wamsley amp Gaskell henceforth DG and TPSWG that showed a positive effect of sleep on free recall under conditions in which performance was not constrained by the ceiling or the floorSleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
According to the active consolidation account  Diekelmann amp Born  sleep is key to memory consolidation because slowwave sleep promotes neural replay Reactivation of hippocampal ensemble memories during sleep amp McNaughton Sleep not just protects memories against forgetting it also makes them more accessible
To summarise what can be witnessed is that in line with institutional theory  DiMaggio and Powell Escape from the iron cage organizational change and isomorphic pressures in the public sector et al Lai et al  all the municipalities reported perceiving persuasive pressure to adopt personalisation measures both from outside the set of potential adopters referring to norms to conform to citizens needs or to be receptive towards national initiatives as well as from within the set of potential adopters referring to the norm to excel in relation to ones peersDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
RELATED RESEARCH THE THEORETICAL ANTECEDENTS OF DIFFUSIONDiffusion of a new idea product or service is defined as the spread of its use in a population of potential adopters Rogers Institutional factors in information technology innovation et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Activation triggers of various kinds coined discrepant events by Tyre and Orlikowksi  see also Kim  Absorptive capacity A review reconceptualization and extension The Academy of Management Review and George  Tidd et alDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
The process of diffusion has been linked to characteristics of the innovation itself the social system community of potential adopters channels of communication and time Rogers Models for innovation diffusion  Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
RELATED RESEARCH THE THEORETICAL ANTECEDENTS OF DIFFUSIONDiffusion of a new idea product or service is defined as the spread of its use in a population of potential adopters Diffusion of innovations King et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Respondents from the municipalities reported that perceptions of persuasive pressure were followed by organisational searching and scanning activities through which municipalities attempted to seek identify and choose relevant knowledge experiences and courses of action see also Levinthal and March Managing innovation et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
In many western countries it is especially local governments that are developing onestop shops that serve as a pointofentry to the whole range of government Ling Ho BeynonDavies and Martin Joined up government past present and future  in such a way that the relationship between public sector organisations and citizens is reengineered BeynonDavies and Martin Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
 have stated that persuasion can occur both through vertical channels of communication initiated by actors outside the set of potential adopters such as central government see also LeonardBarton and Rogers Can state government actions affect innovation and its diffusion An extended communication model and empirical test and Bretschneider Bobrowski and Bretschneider  as well as through processes of mimicking and wordofmouth diffusion  Wang and Doong  involving communication interaction and persuasion among potential adopters  DiMaggio and Powell Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
 have stated that persuasion can occur both through vertical channels of communication initiated by actors outside the set of potential adopters such as central government see also Horizontal Diffusion of Innovations Alternative Paradigm to the Classical Model Sloan School of Management Working Paper  and Rogers Moon and Bretschneider Bobrowski and Bretschneider  as well as through processes of mimicking and wordofmouth diffusion  Wang and Doong  involving communication interaction and persuasion among potential adopters  DiMaggio and Powell Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
A supposed characteristic of the final stage in these maturity models is that there is a seamless integration of information services across administrative boundariesRecently the idea of integration was further pushed by it being given strong support OECD  and the related academic discussion of personalised integrated services Transformational government The Role of Information Technology in Delivering Citizen Centric Local Public Services and Cotterill Peterson et al Homburg and Dijkshoorn Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
According to Circulating ideas Imitation translation and editing and Wedlin see also Silva and Hirscheim  and in line with the Scandinavian Institutionalism mentioned in the discussion on theoretical antecedents of diffusion knowledge and ideas cannot simply be transfused from one organisation to the other rather ideas concepts and knowledge has to be repackaged and reembedded Isabella MacDonald Circulating ideas Imitation translation and editing and Wedlin Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
One talks to others exchanges experiences we report our practices and listen to other ideas  in this way we converge on similar solutions as we all offer similar services Manager Population Affairs and Taxes One respondent explained how ones own organisation could serve as a source of relevant knowledge see also Evolving interpretations as a change unfolds how managers construe key organizational events It happened partly due to one of our developers  She said she had knowledge of how personalised counters could be implemented but until then she had no time to work on themDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Hence institutionalism emphasises the persuasive control over the practices beliefs and belief systems of individuals or organisations through an institutions sway Issues in the Creation of Organizations Initiation Innocation and Institutionalization  in King et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Activation triggers of various kinds coined discrepant events by Tyre and Orlikowksi  see also Crisis construction and organizational learning Capability building in catching up at hyundai motor  Zahra and George  Tidd et alDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
In many western countries it is especially local governments that are developing onestop shops that serve as a pointofentry to the whole range of government Ling Reinventing local governments and the E government initiative BeynonDavies and Martin Mulgan  in such a way that the relationship between public sector organisations and citizens is reengineered BeynonDavies and Martin Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
These include sociopolitical problems of information sharing across traditional organisational boundaries Mulgan Understanding E government Information systems in public administration  the existence of legacy systems Pieterson et al  and concerns related to privacy issues  Lips et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Advancements in the discipline of organisational sociology in recent decades such as the emergence of new institutionalism DiMaggio and Powell The Institutionalization of Institutional Theory and Zucker  have highlighted the significance of the professional andor legal rules cognitive structures norms and the prevailing values in which innovation takes placeDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
In order to be able to explain the diffusion we focus on a population of  potential adopters in a single national jurisdiction the Netherlands which can be seen as a decentralised unitary state EspingAndersen Public management reform A comparative analysis and Bouckaert Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
These include sociopolitical problems of information sharing across traditional organisational boundaries Mulgan Homburg  the existence of legacy systems Personalisation in the public sector An inventory of organizational and user obstacles towards personalisation of electronic services in the public sector et al  and concerns related to privacy issues  Lips et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Our hope is that by focusing on agency alongside structure Orlikowksi and Barley  more light will be shed on the process of technological and organisational change The Awakening Giant  such that eventually the diffusion of egovernment will be better understoodDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Social integration mechanisms translating and framing by actorsFrom fieldwork observations and informed by our theoretical discussion of Scandinavian Institutionalism we could see that translation transfusion and repackaging of knowledge and ideas does not take place in a vacuum but is a social integration process in which specific actors play a role Czarniawska and Sevon  see also Bridging User Organizations Knowledge Brokering and the Work of Information Technology Professionals and Robey Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Dutch municipal governments are relatively autonomous visvis central government with respect to management issues including the design implementation and maintenance of electronic services van The challenge of coordination Coordinating integrated electronic service delivery in Denmark and the Netherlands Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Institutionalism holds that the adoption of innovations does not take place because individuals or private as well as public organisations make rational calculated decisions regarding costs and benefits see for instance User acceptance of information technology Toward a unified view et al  but rather that decisions whether or not to adopt innovations are influenced by rules conventions principles belief systems and social context criteria and  attempt to shape and affect these overarching structures of norms beliefs and rules that together form the concept of institutionsDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Recently the idea of integration was further pushed by it being given strong support OECD  and the related academic discussion of personalised integrated services King and Cotterill Peterson et al Diffusion of Personalised EGovernment Services among Dutch Municipalities An Empirical Investigation and Explanation  and Dijkshoorn Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Innovation through mimicry is likely to occur when innovations are socially visible Mahajan and Peterson Dos Santos and Peffers  when causes conditions and consequences are known absence of causal ambiguity Barney Diffusion of information technology outsourcing influence sources and the Kodak effect and Venkatraman  and when the success of the innovation is unlikely to be determined by path dependencies Barney Diffusion of information technology outsourcing influence sources and the Kodak effect and Venkatraman Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Turning tracks Path dependency technological paradigm shifts and organizational and institutional change and Oosterwijk  see activation triggers as precursors of episodic as opposed to more linear forms of diffusionDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
To summarise what can be witnessed is that in line with institutional theory  DiMaggio and Powell Ashworth et al Institutional isomorphism and the adoption of information technology for supply chain management et al  all the municipalities reported perceiving persuasive pressure to adopt personalisation measures both from outside the set of potential adopters referring to norms to conform to citizens needs or to be receptive towards national initiatives as well as from within the set of potential adopters referring to the norm to excel in relation to ones peersDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Various authors have argued that various stages or levels of maturity can be discerned in electronic service delivery Developing fully functional E government A four stage model and Lee Anderson and Henriksen  ranging from public organisations offering oneway transmission of static information through organisations offering online transactions to organisations offering integrated services which incorporate information from sources external to the organisation and through which the citizen may interact in the first placeDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Second the resource based view on the firm The competitive challenge strategies for industrial innovation and renewal Zahra and George  suggests that the socalled appropriability regime the extent to which organisations are risk averse or willing to accept ambiguities inherent in framing moderates the relationship between framing and eventual adoption of innovationsDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
 have stated that persuasion can occur both through vertical channels of communication initiated by actors outside the set of potential adopters such as central government see also LeonardBarton and Rogers Moon and Bretschneider Bobrowski and Bretschneider  as well as through processes of mimicking and wordofmouth diffusion  Does government effort or citizen word of mouth determine e government service diffusion  and Doong  involving communication interaction and persuasion among potential adopters  DiMaggio and Powell Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
In many western countries it is especially local governments that are developing onestop shops that serve as a pointofentry to the whole range of government Delivering joined up government in the UK dimensions issues and problems Ho BeynonDavies and Martin Mulgan  in such a way that the relationship between public sector organisations and citizens is reengineered BeynonDavies and Martin Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
These include sociopolitical problems of information sharing across traditional organisational boundaries Mulgan Homburg  the existence of legacy systems Pieterson et al  and concerns related to privacy issues  Issues of online personalisation in commercial and public service delivery et al Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
According to Sahlin and Wedlin see also Silva and Hirscheim  and in line with the Scandinavian Institutionalism mentioned in the discussion on theoretical antecedents of diffusion knowledge and ideas cannot simply be transfused from one organisation to the other rather ideas concepts and knowledge has to be repackaged and reembedded Isabella  Learning to change an information perspective on learning in the organization Sahlin and Wedlin Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
In the end there is less space to manoeuvre CouncillorImplementing technology in anticipation of future audits has also been reported by Legal expert systems in social administration From fearing computers to fearing accountants  in a study on the adoption of legal expert systems in municipal social security systemsDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
This monitor resembles the practice of UK local government league tables for American examples refer to Performance Measures for Federal Agencies Final Report Washington DC Defence Technical Information Center the Energy Information Architecture and the US Government Printing OfficeDiffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
That helped quite a lot Departmental Manager Service OperationsIt is especially through these kinds of integration mechanisms that ideas and knowledge are actually transfused translated and framed rather than merely being imitated Individual differences environmental scanning innovation framing and champion behavior Key predictors of project performance   see also Bressant and Rush Rice and Rogers Sahlin and Wedlin Silva and Hirscheim Diffusion of personalised services among Dutch municipalities evolving channels of persuasion Paper submitted to Local Government Studies
Perhaps unsurprisingly the reality of carrying out benefitcost analysis of federal regulations falls short of best practice and it does not appear to be having a significant impact on many regulatory decisions except higherprofile cases Has economic analysis improved regulatory decisions   The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
I will define these two terms in the sense introduced by Risk Uncertainty and Profit  whereby the distinction turns on whether states of nature can be assigned precise probabilities  risk or not uncertainty or as it is often known nowadays ambiguityThe Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
In the present context this means that the decisionmaker focuses more on models yielding higher estimates of the SCC see also Ambiguity and climate policy Dietz and Heal The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
Doing so permits greater confidence that the target will be met while the existence of a longrun quantity target in the first place can be supported by reasoning about the efficiency of price and quantity instruments under uncertainty The Economics of Climate Change The Stern Review The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
 Having said that even if we only had one model at our disposal it would be natural to question whether the probabilities we have specified resolve all uncertainty and the answer in the case of physical forecasts of future climate and by implication economic forecasts would have to be in the negative What might we learn from climate forecasts The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
This seems remarkable since for example such temperatures are likely to test the limits of human physiology An adaptability limit to climate change due to heat stress The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
To take the DICE model as an example Warming the World Economic Models of Global Warming  it can easily be shown that the assumption of a quadratic relationship between damages and temperature together with the modellers specific coefficient values implies that global warming can reach more than C before the equivalent of  of global GDP is lostThe Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
A recent paper by Ackerman and Stanton  attempts to answer it using the DICE model applying a functional form proposed by GHG targets as insurance against catastrophic climate damages The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
Furthermore they also question the damage estimates of the models at low temperatures drawing on work by Michael What is the economic cost of climate change   that argues damages could also be significantly higher in this realmThe Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
Using recent reviews of the literature we concluded that the range of estimates of the present SCC was a factor of ten larger than the corresponding range of estimates of the present MAC  Environmental prices uncertainty and learning The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
However in the long run with the existence of possibly catastrophic climate change the opposite seems to hold marginal benefits are steeply increasing upon reaching some stock of CO while marginal costs are fairly flatThis targetdriven approach to carbon pricing is now being followed in the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change DECC  after several years of mixed experience in using the SCC beginning with Estimating the social cost of carbon emissions Government Economic Service Working Paper   The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
With some trepidation I will do likewiseIn outlining the second assumption note that simple averaging runs counter to most economic research on ambiguity which shows that individuals are averse to ambiguity as summarised in Recent development in modeling preferences uncertainty and ambiguity The Treatment of Risk and Uncertainty in the US Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis
When light is dimmed the chromatin changes transcription and reorganises in such a way that its material behaves as a lens focusing photons on receptors located behind the neurons  Nuclear architecture of rod photoreceptor cells adapts to vision in mammalian evolution et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Because the machine is separated from the program a subset of the program must be devoted to the interaction with the machine and its users in the most general sense Bacteria as computers making computers aInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
The design of the interfaces the microprocessors and the energy supply of the machine require much informationIn summary two types of information coupling of a particular formnot simply shapewith matter energy space and time information of the chassis casing  metabolism and information of the program are associated together in a cell A physical characterization of biological information and communication system model of ecosystems Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Information of the programThe study of the genetic program as a text applying accepted rules of the theory of information Shannon and Weaver From enzyme adaptation to natural philosophy heritage from Jacques Monod Symposium J Monod and molecular biology yesterday and today   to its analysis Hnaut et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
After some time all have been replaced none of the original ones remain is it the same boat The Delphic boat What genomes tell us Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Yet it was obvious that these universal categories do not account for many phenomena no one has been able for example to derive the crystal lattice of a mineral as simple as sodium chloride from the equations of microscopic physics On randomness and thermodynamics Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
How are particular structures or processes recruited to this aim A reflection on the coupling between accumulation of information and energy based on work developed by Landauer and Bennett showed that the relationship between energy and information is that there exists degradative processes which make room using energy to prevent degradation of what is functional  Bennett aLandauer  detailed analysis in Danchin a d see also a very recent development Minimal energy cost for thermodynamic information processing measurement and information erasure and Ueda Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
A great many works dealing with the study of the brain Edelman  or of cognition Clark The concept of mind  has taken into account this type of informationInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
A great many works dealing with the study of the brain Edelman  or of cognition Being there putting brain body and world together again Ryle  has taken into account this type of informationInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
This dichotomy is visible in present synthetic biology with a fairly clear separation between those who study the chassis and are often also interested in the origin of life  A synthetic biology approach to the construction of membrane proteins in semisynthetic minimal cells et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Information of the programThe study of the genetic program as a text applying accepted rules of the theory of information The mathematical theory of communication and Weaver Cover and Thomas  to its analysis Hnaut et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Sequence logos a new way to display consensus sequences created his famous logo representation of sequences  Sequence logos a new way to display consensus sequences and Stephens  in a model of molecular machines based on Shannons information Sequence logos a new way to display consensus sequences a bInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
The first counterargument explores the concept of Operating System OS The computer and the brain Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
In contrast to the traditional definitions of entropy algorithmic randomness can be used to measure disorder without any recourse to probabilities Algorithmic randomness and physical entropy Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
How are particular structures or processes recruited to this aim A reflection on the coupling between accumulation of information and energy based on work developed by Notes on the history of reversible computation showed that the relationship between energy and information is that there exists degradative processes which make room using energy to prevent degradation of what is functional Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Trying to match models with reality allowed scientists to progress by producing better and better adequation with reality Science and technology a western imbroglio Putnam Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
It rested on interpretations processes rooted in culture and language thus associated to a property that we might name context and linked to a research programme  Lakatos Lakatos  If constructing models while confronting them to reality defines science Conjectures and refutations the growth of scientific knowledge  then the effort to establish an explicit demarcation between science and nonscience is dominated by a particular category of reality information again using the word with all its fuzzy connotations Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
We restrict our identification of forms looking first for the D architecture of the chassis which compartmentalises the living entity see for example the beginning of Chance and necessity an essay on the natural philosophy of modern biologys Chance and Necessity Chance and necessity an essay on the natural philosophy of modern biology Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
But language is deeply associated to meaning I had in  at a meeting of the Centre Royaumont pour une Science de lHomme at the MIT a heated argument with Noam Chomsky about other features of human languages such as rhythm in the west african language mr a speaker may begin a rythmic sentence which is answered preserving rythmic rules by somebody in the audience triggering another ejaculation of the speaker with related rules etc suggesting that beside grammatical syntactic structures there may exist a variety of superimposed contexts which transmit information mediated by channels that are not those usually considered Danchin  Language learning language acquisition or language growth  Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
capricolum and after several rounds of reproduction reproduction of the machine and replication of the program see below the host species was replaced by a colony of the donor genome  Genome transplantation in bacteria changing one species to another et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Trying to match models with reality allowed scientists to progress by producing better and better adequation with reality Danchin Representation and reality Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
It rested on interpretations processes rooted in culture and language thus associated to a property that we might name context and linked to a research programme  Cambridge Landauer R  Irreversibility and heat generation in the computing process Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
In any event in the few cases where it might do so it would be an extremely slow one The cognitive architecture for chaining of two mental operations Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Analysis of the genes giving bacteria their shape showed that there is indeed an unexpected coincidence between gene clustering in genomes and shape of bacteria  Bringing gene order into bacterial shape et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
To proceed with our example in bacteria bistability is not stable in time  Bistability epigenetics and bet hedging in bacteria et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Shenhav and Lancet  and those who think that life is essentially due to the genetic program organising their activity around construction of program biobricks or even as complete genomes  Complete chemical synthesis assembly and cloning of a Mycoplasma genitalium genome et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
This was apparent in the laws of genetics where linear arrangements of the elusive genes was central The concept of the gene in contemporary biology continuity or dissolution Logic Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
To identify ubiquitous functions operated by nonubiquitous structures one had to devise an operational strategy based on the concept of gene persistence tendency of a given gene to be present in a quorum of species How essential are nonessential genes  et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
The conclusions of Origins of lifes argument on the double origin of life with reproducing metabolism predating replication are therefore a prerequisite for synthesis of life Origins of life Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Different structural entities with common functions in different bacterial clades were indeed characterised Danchin bOn the evolution of cells Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Different structural entities with common functions in different bacterial clades were indeed characterised A phylogenetic view of bacterial ribonucleases bWoese Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
But language is deeply associated to meaning I had in  at a meeting of the Centre Royaumont pour une Science de lHomme at the MIT a heated argument with Noam Chomsky about other features of human languages such as rhythm in the west african language mr a speaker may begin a rythmic sentence which is answered preserving rythmic rules by somebody in the audience triggering another ejaculation of the speaker with related rules etc suggesting that beside grammatical syntactic structures there may exist a variety of superimposed contexts which transmit information mediated by channels that are not those usually considered Biological foundations of language a comment on Noam Chomsky s approach of syntactic structures Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Yet we need more to recognise life as drawing our conclusions from the geometry of shapes can be misleading this happens when an artefact is interpreted as a biological entitys signature Graphite a mimic for DNA and other biomolecules in scanning tunneling microscope studies and Beebe Information of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
In neurosciences the basis of neuromimetic networks rests on a vast numberof works where selective processes play a central role  A theory of the epigenesis of neuronal networks by selective stabilization of synapses et alInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
Here is an open conjecture a preliminary version has been proposed in a different context by Origins of randomness in physical systems  and it is interesting to follow the analysis of  by Simon Plouffe httpwwwlacimuqamcaplouffeInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
In Herken R ed The universal turing machine a half century survey named logical depth the time needed to reach that value and related it to physical complexity In Herken R ed The universal turing machine a half century survey bInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
His work was based on the intuition that creation of information was consuming energy Theory of molecular machines II Energy dissipation from molecular machines bInformation of the chassis and information of the program in synthetic cells
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Ochsner et al Goldapple et al Malhi et al Neural correlates of emotional processing in depression changes with cognitive behavioral therapy and predictors of treatment response et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  Simpson et al Northoff et al Leppnen Beck Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Beginnings are starting to be made in reproducing data across as well as within subjects Feature selection for decoding of cognitive states in multiplesubject functional magnetic resonance imaging data and Suma Raizada and Connolly Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Fairly similar stimuli for example chairs and shoes Norman et al deCharms Poldrack  or overriding categories of images such as living or nonliving  Cortical representation of animate and inanimate objects in complex natural scenes et al  can now be recognized from pattern information fMRI Formisano and Kriegeskorte  dataPsychotherapy and brain plasticity
For example very similar changes in those brain areas are seen after CBT and other psychological treatments for anxiety Furmark et al Paquette et al Effects of cognitivebehavioral therapy on brain activation in specific phobia et al Porto et al Freyer et al  schizophrenia  Wykes et al  eating disorders Vocks et al  and Irritable Bowel Syndrome  Lackner et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
The outcomes of psychodynamic personcentred and behavioral psychotherapy are broadly equivalent despite their varieties of approaches and targets for therapeutic change  Effectiveness of cognitive behavioural personcentred and psychodynamic therapies in UK primary care routine practice replication in a larger sample et al Budd and Hughes  perhaps because they work via common final paths Mansell Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Ochsner et al Goldapple et al Malhi et al Ritchey et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  The emotional modulation of cognitive processing an fMRI study et al Northoff et al Leppnen Beck Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Pretreatment levels of cingulate activity can even predict response to CBT with some reliability  Konarski et al Ritchey et al Toward clinically useful neuroimaging in depression treatment prognostic utility of subgenual cingulate activity for determining depression outcome in cognitive therapy across studies scanners and patient characteristic ssgacc and cognitive therapy outcome et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
MVPA might therefore lead to the ability to map holistic changes in consciousness to patterns within and across the regions that classic fMRI has identified as responsive to psychotherapy  Neurobehavioral therapies in the st century summary of an emerging field and an extended example of cognitive control training for depression et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Not only perceptions but also images and memories Chadwick et al  Distributed representations in memory insights from functional brain imaging and Wagner  are starting to be distinguishedPsychotherapy and brain plasticity
Beginnings are starting to be made in reproducing data across as well as within subjects Accamma and Suma What makes different people s representations alike neural similarity space solves the problem of across subject fmri decoding and Connolly Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
For example very similar changes in those brain areas are seen after CBT and other psychological treatments for anxiety Furmark et al Paquette et al Straube et al Does cognitive behavioral therapy change the brain a systematic review of neuroimaging in anxiety disorders et al Freyer et al  schizophrenia  Wykes et al  eating disorders Vocks et al  and Irritable Bowel Syndrome  Lackner et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Fairly similar stimuli for example chairs and shoes Norman et al deCharms Inferring mental states from neuroimaging data from reverse inference to large scale decoding  or overriding categories of images such as living or nonliving  Naselaris et al  can now be recognized from pattern information fMRI Formisano and Kriegeskorte  dataPsychotherapy and brain plasticity
For example very similar changes in those brain areas are seen after CBT and other psychological treatments for anxiety Furmark et al Change the mind and you change the brain effects of cognitive behavioral therapy on the neural correlates of spider phobia et al Straube et al Porto et al Freyer et al  schizophrenia  Wykes et al  eating disorders Vocks et al  and Irritable Bowel Syndrome  Lackner et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Early attempts to localize specific perceptions to specific brain areas worked only for grossly different stimulivisualizing navigating a house compared to imagining playing tennis Detecting awareness in the vegetative state et al or for simple stimuli in early highly specialized visual areas  Kay et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Rethinking feelings an fMRI study of the cognitive regulation of emotion et al Goldapple et al Malhi et al Ritchey et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  Simpson et al Northoff et al Leppnen Beck Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Ochsner et al Goldapple et al Malhi et al Ritchey et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  Simpson et al Reciprocal modulation and attenuation in the prefrontal cortex an fMRI study on emotional cognitive interaction et al Leppnen Beck Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Fairly similar stimuli for example chairs and shoes Beyond mind reading multi voxel pattern analysis of fMRI data et al deCharms Poldrack  or overriding categories of images such as living or nonliving  Naselaris et al  can now be recognized from pattern information fMRI Formisano and Kriegeskorte  dataPsychotherapy and brain plasticity
For example very similar changes in those brain areas are seen after CBT and other psychological treatments for anxiety Furmark et al Paquette et al Straube et al Porto et al Freyer et al  schizophrenia  Effects on the brain of a psychological treatment cognitive remediation therapy functional magnetic resonance imaging in schizophrenia et al  eating disorders Vocks et al  and Irritable Bowel Syndrome  Lackner et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
The outcomes of psychodynamic personcentred and behavioral psychotherapy are broadly equivalent despite their varieties of approaches and targets for therapeutic change  Stiles et al Budd and Hughes  perhaps because they work via common final paths Core processes of psychopathology and recovery Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Ochsner et al Goldapple et al Cognitive generation of affect in bipolar depression an fMRI study et al Ritchey et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  Simpson et al Northoff et al Leppnen Beck Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
However a one to one correspondence between change in depression and change in specific brain areas may be over stated How psychotherapy changes the brain the contribution of functional neuroimaging Frewen et al Dichter et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
For example very similar changes in those brain areas are seen after CBT and other psychological treatments for anxiety Furmark et al Paquette et al Straube et al Porto et al Freyer et al  schizophrenia  Wykes et al  eating disorders Vocks et al  and Irritable Bowel Syndrome  Cognitive therapy for irritable bowel syndrome is associated with reduced limbic activity GI symptoms and anxiety et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
Pretreatment levels of cingulate activity can even predict response to CBT with some reliability  Predictors of nonresponse to cognitive behavioural therapy or venlafaxine using glucose metabolism in major depressive disorder et al Ritchey et al Siegle et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
WHAT CHANGES AS A CONSEQUENCE OF PSYCHOTHERAPYHowever evidence is lacking as to what specifically changes as a consequence of psychotherapy see for example How do psychological treatments work investigating mediators of change et al Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
The outcomes of psychodynamic personcentred and behavioral psychotherapy are broadly equivalent despite their varieties of approaches and targets for therapeutic change  Stiles et al The Dodo Bird Verdict controversial inevitable and important a commentary on  years of meta analyses and Hughes  perhaps because they work via common final paths Mansell Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
There is decreased activity in the limbic system especially the amygdala with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex becoming relatively more active and orbitomedial and cingulate cortex less so a move toward normality from patterns observed before treatment Ochsner et al Goldapple et al Malhi et al Ritchey et al Hflich et al  and consistent with what is know of the processing of emotional stimuli  Simpson et al Northoff et al Leppnen The evolution of the cognitive model of depression and its neurobiological correlates Psychotherapy and brain plasticity
In the literature most authors distinguish between householdbased and nonhouseholdbased carpools which are also called internal and external carpools respectively  Catching a ride on the information super highway toward an understanding of internet based carpool formation and use et al Correia and Viegas Ferguson aMorency Teal WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Considering spatial structure the more congested downtown areas associated with a high transit access less parking availability and higher parking costs are stronger correlated with a higher use of SOV alternatives The Determinants of Ridesharing Literature Review and Giuliano WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
In the literature most authors distinguish between householdbased and nonhouseholdbased carpools which are also called internal and external carpools respectively  Buliung et al Carpooling and carpool clubs Clarifying concepts and assessing value enhancement possibilities through a Stated Preference web survey in and Viegas Ferguson aMorency Teal WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
In the literature most authors distinguish between householdbased and nonhouseholdbased carpools which are also called internal and external carpools respectively  Buliung et al Correia and Viegas The rise and fall of the American carpool   aMorency Teal WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
However the majority of workers does not carpool the advantages of carpooling are most of the times not strong enough to entice commuters to give up the comfort of driving alone Comsis Corporation Hwang and Giuliano Travelling to work will people move out of their cars et al Tsao and Lin WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
It was promoted during World War II to deal with oil and rubber shortages and during the oil crisis of the s Privatization as choice probability policy process and program outcome The case of transportation management associations bGilbert and Perl WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
The main aim of multilevel regression models is to deal with this grouping of observations Multilevel Statistical Models Hox Luke WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Given the low cost of most measures that encourage carpooling employers indicate them as acceptable with the exception of parking restrictions Employer transport plans a case for regulation  abWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
The main aim of multilevel regression models is to deal with this grouping of observations Goldstein Multilevel Analysis Techniques and Applications Luke WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
In the literature most authors distinguish between householdbased and nonhouseholdbased carpools which are also called internal and external carpools respectively  Buliung et al Correia and Viegas Ferguson aMorency Carpooling Who How and Why WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Finding a carpool partner with the same origin and destination zone may be difficult especially in lowdensity areas Spatial and Temporal Factors in Estimating the Potential of Ride sharing for Demand Reduction and Lin  and at larger distances from the destinationWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
In contrast to studies like Modelling commuting mode choice with explicit consideration of carpool in the choice set formation et alWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Some authors classify carpool trips on the basis of the types of matching between origins and destinations Morency On the relationship between travel time and travel distance of commuters Reported versus network travel data in the Netherlands et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
The main aim of multilevel regression models is to deal with this grouping of observations Goldstein Hox Multilevel Modeling WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
It was promoted during World War II to deal with oil and rubber shortages and during the oil crisis of the s Ferguson bGilbert and Perl More recently carpooling was also advocated during the  Olympics in Beijing as a response to driving restrictions  Shaping carpool policies under rapid motorization the case of Chinese cities WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
their weekly trip to the supermarketIn the literature most authors distinguish between householdbased and nonhouseholdbased carpools which are also called internal and external carpools respectively  Buliung et al Correia and Viegas Ferguson aThe ambivalence of ridesharing Teal WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
chemical industrial parks  Empirically based development of a framework for advancing and stimulating collaboration in the chemical industry ASC creating sustainable chemical industrial parks et al  creates the opportunity to invest in bus services as can be observed in the Antwerp port area where large chemical companies have established an extensive network of bus routesWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Multilevel modelling has the advantage of getting a better understanding and more clear interpretation of the effects of higher levels by estimating and reporting random effectsFurthermore standard regression analysis ignores the grouping of data and this can cause underestimated standard errors of regression coefficients Goldstein Hox Maas and Hox A User s Guide to MLwiN Version   et al Schwanen et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Finally involving the private sector also reduces the burden of transport policies on the public budget Cairns et al Workplace travel plans past present and future Rye WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Analogously carpool parkings and park and ride facilities should be carefully planned since they often generate additional traffic and encourage caroriented land use development outside urban areas Meek et al Influence of bus based park and ride facilities on users car traffic WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
using the transport system in the most optimal way to fulfil our lifestyle needs Frndberg and Vilhelmson Travel time use in the information age and Urry WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Furthermore standard regression analysis ignores the grouping of data and this can cause underestimated standard errors of regression coefficients Goldstein Hox Maas and Hox Rasbash et al The Impact of Metropolitan Structure on Commute Behavior in the Netherlands A Multilevel Approach et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Finally involving the private sector also reduces the burden of transport policies on the public budget Cairns et al Roby Travel plans do they work  WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Note that in this case it is hard to distinguish between carpoolingridesharing and transport organized by the employer Bouwen aan een duurzame mobiliteit Het woon werkverkeer in de Belgische bouwsector situering analyse en strategische alternatieven et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Standard mode choice research takes the individual or the household as the unit of observation since individual and household characteristics determine the choice process When transport geography meets social psychology toward a conceptual model of travel behaviour et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Accordingly what people at your workplace think and do the subjective norm corporate culture influences your travel behaviour Bonham and Koth Heinen et al McDonald Going soft On how subjective variables explain modal choices for leisure travel et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
First the accessibility by car is measured as the potential number of people that can reach a given municipality and is calculated by Accessibility indicators to places and transports Final Report et alWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
This database is the result of a mandatory questionnaire about the home to work displacements and the mobility management measures at large workplaces in Belgium  Mobility Management Measures by Employers Overview and Exploratory Analysis for Belgium et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Rail accessibility is seen as the inverse of the sum of waiting and walking time between workplace and railway station the calculation method and an example are given in Rail Commuting to Workplaces in Belgium A Multilevel Approach et alWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Although our main focus is on workplaces a multilevel perspective is used From Macro to Micro How Much Micro is too Much  WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Most research classifies the guaranteed ride home as effective  Correia and Viegas Giuliano et al Kingham et al Guaranteed Ride Home Programs A Study of Program Characteristics Utilization and Cost Rye aRye  bWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
We conceptualise workplaces as meaningful units since they are physical and social environments but we take into account that on a lower level the behaviour and characteristics of individual actors matter Why Actor Models Are Integral to Structural Analysis WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Analogously carpool parkings and park and ride facilities should be carefully planned since they often generate additional traffic and encourage caroriented land use development outside urban areas Role of Bus Based Park and Ride in the UK A Temporal and Evaluative Review et al Parkhurst WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Accordingly what people at your workplace think and do the subjective norm corporate culture influences your travel behaviour Bonham and Koth The role of attitudes toward characteristics of bicycle commuting on the choice to cycle to work over various distances et al McDonald Van Acker et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Drivers dislike a delegation of control and positively experience their solitary personal space  What drives car use A grounded theory analysis of commuters reasons for driving and Abraham WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Accordingly what people at your workplace think and do the subjective norm corporate culture influences your travel behaviour Bonham and Koth Heinen et al Travel and the social environment Evidence from Alameda County California Van Acker et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
In our model parking seems thus a measure for agglomerations and density Role of the built environment on mode choice decisions additional evidence on the impact of density et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
It was promoted during World War II to deal with oil and rubber shortages and during the oil crisis of the s Ferguson bTransport Revolutions Moving People and Freight without Oil and Perl WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Most research classifies the guaranteed ride home as effective  Correia and Viegas Employee trip reduction in Southern California First year results et al Kingham et al Menczer Rye aRye  bWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Flexitime and the promotion of carpool are then seen as conflicting mobility management measures  Buliung et al The models and economics of carpools et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Employers have a privileged relationship with their employees and are therefore regularly used as intermediaries between government and individual travellers Employers as Mediating Institutions for Public Policy The Case of Commute Options Programs Ferguson bWHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Finally involving the private sector also reduces the burden of transport policies on the public budget Smarter choices Assessing the potential to achieve traffic reduction using soft measures et al Roby Rye WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
The number of parking places per employee parking index is remarkably lower inside agglomerations average  than outside  Belgian agglomeration as defined by De Belgische Stadsgewesten and Van Hecke WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
This figure is comparable to levels observed in the US and Canada  Buliung et al  but a major difference with the US is the higher share of public transport in Belgium  commuting distances Introducing a commute energy performance index for Flanders and Witlox WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Furthermore standard regression analysis ignores the grouping of data and this can cause underestimated standard errors of regression coefficients Goldstein Hox Robustness issues in multilevel regression analysis and Hox Rasbash et al Schwanen et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
Accordingly what people at your workplace think and do the subjective norm corporate culture influences your travel behaviour Universities and the cycling culture and Koth Heinen et al McDonald Van Acker et al WHAT DETERMINES CARPOOLING TO WORKPLACES IN BELGIUM LOCATION ORGANISATION OR PROMOTION
The recent price booms have also lead to increased interest in the PrebischSinger hypothesis of continuous longterm declines in primary commodity prices  Balagtas and Holt The Prebisch Singer hypothesis four centuries of evidence and Kellard Enders and Holt Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
While this procedure has been used to compute demand growth in the EU and France   and to compute the size and impact of a oneoff supply shift in Chile in the early s Welfare effects of supply expansion with trade restrictions The case of salmon and Myrland  this article extends the approach to all market participants in the global salmon marketDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
An approach by Impacts of Declining US Retail Beef Demand on Farm Level Beef Prices and Production  for computing changes in beef demand is used to compute yearly import demand and export supply shifts from all major exporting and importing regions of farmed salmon worldwideDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Still in the long run technical progress does lead to supply growth  Are Prices or Biology Driving the Short Term Supply of Farmed Salmon  et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
 Technical Progress and Regress in Norwegian Salmon Farming A Malmquist Index Approach and Holst  find productivity growth has slowed down since the early s suggesting the salmon farming industry has developed into a mature industry with lower growth ratesDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
The Westernization of diets in Asian economies Pingali  along with rapid income growth are also highlighted as important drivers Sharp Breaks or Smooth Shifts an Investigation of the Evolution of Primary Commodity Prices and Holt Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Productivity growth caused prices to decline rapidly in the s and s The price responsiveness of salmon supply in the short and long run et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
The associated vertical shifts are obtained by dividing the horizontal shift by minus the corresponding elasticity Economic impact of environmental regulations on southern softwood stumpage markets A reappraisal and Kinnucan Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
The Westernization of diets in Asian economies Westernization of Asian diets and the transformation of food systems implications for research and policy  along with rapid income growth are also highlighted as important drivers Enders and Holt Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
How to Understand High Food Prices  emphasizes the impact of common factors on the general level of agricultural food pricesDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
DataYearly trade and production data for all major salmon exporting and importing regions from and farmed salmon represents the major share of world supply and trade  The great salmon run competition between wild and farmed salmon et al Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Productivity growth or technical change can be analyzed using techniques such as stochastic frontiers or indices  Stochastic Frontier Analysis and Lovell Coelli et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
It can also be traced back to Ein Versuch zur statistischen Analyse von Angebot und Nachfrages definition of Niveauverschiebungen Shifts of level in his unsuccessful theory for deriving supply and demand curves from price and quantity data only Ein Versuch zur statistischen Analyse von Angebot und Nachfrage Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
The empirical literature on demand growth has relied mainly on using smooth operators such as a time trend Economics and consumer behaviour and Muellbauer  or the use of relatively smooth indicators such as spending on advertisements or media coverage when investigating demand shifts over time egDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
BackgroundOver the past  years most food commodity prices have steadily trended down suggesting that productivity growth has outpaced demand growth  Agricultural research productivity and food prices in the long run et al Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
While productivity growth in Norwegian salmon farming has been extensively studied Productivity growth in the supply chainanother source of competitiveness for aquaculture et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Vassdal and Holst Determinants of Inefficiency in Norwegian Salmon Aquaculture and Roll  a lack of data has hindered studies of other regions Determinants of Inefficiency in Norwegian Salmon Aquaculture and Bjrndal Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Aquaculture is generally viewed as a highly promising food production technology that has the potential to be less environmentally challenging than other animalbased terrestrial food production Farming the sea Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Previous measures of supply and demand shifts have specified these shifts relative to the expected quantity or  The demand for salmon in the European Union the importance of product form and origin et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Global Agricultural Supply and Demand Factors Contributing to the Recent Increase in Food Commodity Prices WRS  edn  identifies several demand and supply factors that simultaneously contributed to a recent increase in food pricesDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Productivity growth or technical change can be analyzed using techniques such as stochastic frontiers or indices  Kumbhakar and Lovell An introduction to efficiency and productivity analysis et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
Farmed salmon specifically is considered among the most sustainable animalbased food products in the world  Atlantic Salmon Salmo salar The Super Chicken of the Sea  et alDisentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
The recent price booms have also lead to increased interest in the PrebischSinger hypothesis of continuous longterm declines in primary commodity prices  The Commodity Terms of Trade Unit Roots and Nonlinear Alternatives A Smooth Transition Approach and Holt Harvey and Kellard Enders and Holt Disentangling supply and demand shifts the impacts on world salmon prices
In a previous report in Cortex we described the comprehension ability of WR a man with primary progressive aphasia PPA Preservation of passive constructions in a patient with primary progressive aphasia Dbrowska Romanowski Blank amp Varley A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
To account for such behavior we calculated three familiarity variables for each test sequence Knowlton amp Squire Transfer in artificial grammar learning A reevaluation amp Chater  associative chunk strength the mean frequency in which bigrams and trigrams appeared during training anchor strength the mean frequency in which initial and final bigrams and trigrams appeared at the respective positions during training and chunk novelty the number of bigrams and trigrams which did not appear during training  A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
To account for such behavior we calculated three familiarity variables for each test sequence The information acquired during artificial grammar learning amp Squire Redington amp Chater  associative chunk strength the mean frequency in which bigrams and trigrams appeared during training anchor strength the mean frequency in which initial and final bigrams and trigrams appeared at the respective positions during training and chunk novelty the number of bigrams and trigrams which did not appear during training  A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
AGL tasks engage neural language areas in particular left inferior frontal regions Hierarchical artificial grammar processing engages Broca s area Schubotz amp Friederici Hierarchical artificial grammar processing engages Broca s area Schubotz Mueller Koester amp Friederici Petersson Folia amp Hagoort Petersson Forkstam amp Ingvar A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
English passives are harder with regard to a number of variables Caplan amp Waters Drai amp Grodzinsky Druks Grodzinsky Comprehension and acceptability judgments in agrammatism Disruptuions in the syntax of referencial dependency Fromkin amp Cornell  as they contain more words more functional morphemes have a noncanonical word order and in some theories involve a transformation from canonical order or movement of constituents A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
There is strong evidence including from selfreports after the experiment that participants who learn nonconfigurational properties do so by counting and comparing the number of stimuli of each class and participants without syntactic disorder more consistently attend to configurational order than nonconfigurational counting structure de Vries Monaghan Knecht amp Zwitserlood Do Humans Really Learn AnBn Artificial Grammars From Exemplars  Azadpour amp Mehler Perruchet amp Rey A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
The verb phrase morphology beTNS VPastP eg is pushed which in child development first emerges as the state passive eg its broken appears to be grounded in stative use and biased towards assigning its subject an inactive role Brooks amp Tomasello From states to events The acquisition of English passive participles Johnson amp Brooks Riches A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Naming ability on the PALPA subtest Psycholinguistic Assessment of Language Processing in Aphasia Lesser amp Coltheart  indicated residual lexical capacity with scores of  for spoken with no penalty for phonemic paraphasias as long as the target was recognizable and  for written namingWRs comprehension profile showed a dissociation which is the reverse of the predominantly reported pattern of good performance on actives and poor performance on passives and poses a substantial challenge to conventional explanations for syntactic disorder Druks amp Marshall A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Furthermore sequence learning in a serial reaction time task correlated with childrens ability to maintain syntactic structure in a priming task Implicit statistical learning is directly associated with the acquisition of syntax A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
A metaanalysis of eight studies collectively examining  people with specific language impairment and  controls found that pathological groups were poorer at statistical sequence learning Procedural learning deficits in specific language impairment SLI A meta analysis of serial reaction time task performance ContiRamsden Morgan amp Ullman Impaired linear processing has also been found in acquired syntactic disorders such as aphasiaA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
There is strong evidence including from selfreports after the experiment that participants who learn nonconfigurational properties do so by counting and comparing the number of stimuli of each class and participants without syntactic disorder more consistently attend to configurational order than nonconfigurational counting structure de Vries Monaghan Knecht amp Zwitserlood Hochmann Azadpour amp Mehler Does the mastery of center embedded linguistic structures distinguish humans from nonhuman primates  amp Rey A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
For each template a D Score see also Synthetic Grammar Learning Implicit Rule Abstraction or Explicit Fragmentary Knowledge  amp Pacteau  was calculated by subtracting the percentage of grammatical sequences rejected from the percentage of ungrammatical sequences rejectedA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Four years previously he was diagnosed with logopenic PPA  Classification of primary progressive aphasia and its variants et al A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
AGL tasks engage neural language areas in particular left inferior frontal regions Bahlmann Schubotz amp Friederici Bahlmann Schubotz Mueller Koester amp Friederici What artificial grammar learning reveals about the neurobiology of syntax FA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
We hypothesized that WR would display impaired AGL behavior when processing linear configurational information in nonverbal sequencesArtificial grammar learning and the grammar A n B n AGL  Implicit Learning of Artificial Grammars  is a commonly employed paradigm that tests processing of sequence structureA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
The verb phrase morphology beTNS VPastP eg is pushed which in child development first emerges as the state passive eg its broken appears to be grounded in stative use and biased towards assigning its subject an inactive role Brooks amp Tomasello Israel Johnson amp Brooks Treating the passive in children with specific language impairment A usagebased approach A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Written sentence comprehension and production displayed more gradual decline Table  consistent with Syntactic and morphosyntactic processing in stroke induced and primary progressive aphasia et als  observation that some people with logopenic PPA become syntactically impaired over time and an unusual comprehension pattern emerged chance level performance on actives ceiling performance on passives Table A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
English passives are harder with regard to a number of variables Caplan amp Waters Drai amp The Neurology of Syntax Language Use Without Broca s Area Druks The Neurology of Syntax Language Use Without Broca s Area Mauner Fromkin amp Cornell  as they contain more words more functional morphemes have a noncanonical word order and in some theories involve a transformation from canonical order or movement of constituents A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
 Early reports suggested that nonconfigurational properties of A n B n were processed through hierarchical phrase embedding Fitch amp Hauser The brain differentiates human and non human grammars Functional localization and structural connectivity Bahlmann Heim Schubotz amp Anwander A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Early reports suggested that nonconfigurational properties of A n B n were processed through hierarchical phrase embedding Computational constraints on syntactic processing in a nonhuman primate amp Hauser Friederici Bahlmann Heim Schubotz amp Anwander A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
However consistent reports of heterogeneity in agrammatism How Regular Is Sentence Comprehension in Broca s Aphasia It depends on how you select the patients amp Caramazza Caramazza Capasso Capitani amp Miceli Caramazza Capitani Rey amp How Regular Is Sentence Comprehension in Broca s Aphasia It depends on how you select the patients  warrant a focus at individual profilesA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
It has been argued that linearization processes are not specific to language The functional neuroanatomy of serial order in language MartinezAlvarez amp Leivada A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
The verb phrase morphology beTNS VPastP eg is pushed which in child development first emerges as the state passive eg its broken appears to be grounded in stative use and biased towards assigning its subject an inactive role Learning the English passive construction amp Tomasello Israel Johnson amp Learning the English passive construction Riches A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
English passives are harder with regard to a number of variables Verbal working memory and sentence comprehension amp Waters Drai amp Grodzinsky Druks Grodzinsky Mauner Fromkin amp Cornell  as they contain more words more functional morphemes have a noncanonical word order and in some theories involve a transformation from canonical order or movement of constituents A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
However consistent reports of heterogeneity in agrammatism Berndt amp Patterns of comprehension performance in agrammatic Broca s aphasia A test of the Trace Deletion Hypothesis Patterns of comprehension performance in agrammatic Broca s aphasia A test of the Trace Deletion Hypothesis Capasso Capitani amp Miceli Patterns of comprehension performance in agrammatic Broca s aphasia A test of the Trace Deletion Hypothesis Capitani Rey amp Berndt  warrant a focus at individual profilesA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Impaired artificial grammar learning in agrammatism Kelly Shillcock amp Greenfield  compared seven aphasic participants with seven controls matched for age and nonverbal intelligence and found that the former performed poorer in AGLA case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
The ability to process auditory and visual sequences even when stimuli are meaningless has been linked to the ability to process language under noise conditions Implicit statistical learning in language processing Word predictability is the key Bauernschmidt Huang amp Pisoni Implicit statistical learning in language processing Word predictability is the key Karpicke amp Pisoni Implicit statistical learning in language processing Word predictability is the key amp Pisoni A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
There is strong evidence including from selfreports after the experiment that participants who learn nonconfigurational properties do so by counting and comparing the number of stimuli of each class and participants without syntactic disorder more consistently attend to configurational order than nonconfigurational counting structure Syntactic structure and artificial grammar learning The learnability of embedded hierarchical structures Monaghan Knecht amp Zwitserlood Hochmann Azadpour amp Mehler Perruchet amp Rey A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
English passives are harder with regard to a number of variables Caplan amp Waters A new empirical angle on the variability debate Quantitative neurosyntactic analyses of a large data set from Broca s Aphasia amp Grodzinsky Druks Grodzinsky Mauner Fromkin amp Cornell  as they contain more words more functional morphemes have a noncanonical word order and in some theories involve a transformation from canonical order or movement of constituents A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
English passives are harder with regard to a number of variables Caplan amp Waters Drai amp Grodzinsky Verbs and nouns a review of the literature Grodzinsky Mauner Fromkin amp Cornell  as they contain more words more functional morphemes have a noncanonical word order and in some theories involve a transformation from canonical order or movement of constituents A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
Naming ability on the PALPA subtest Kay Lesser amp Coltheart  indicated residual lexical capacity with scores of  for spoken with no penalty for phonemic paraphasias as long as the target was recognizable and  for written namingWRs comprehension profile showed a dissociation which is the reverse of the predominantly reported pattern of good performance on actives and poor performance on passives and poses a substantial challenge to conventional explanations for syntactic disorder When passives are easier than actives two case studies of aphasic comprehension amp Marshall A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
All active sentences used in testing WRs comprehension could have been interpreted correctly using the common bias that the agent appears first The misinterpretation of noncanonical sentences A case of order insensitivity Natural and artificial language processing in a man with primary progressive aphasia
These tasks have found absent or suboptimal pooling of signals until much later in childhood Gori et al Development of Cue Integration in Human Navigation et al Development of Cue Integration in Human Navigation et al Gori et al Development of Cue Integration in Human Navigation et al Petrini et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
To answer this we compared empirical distributions of AV response times with the predictions of three models the classic race model Divided Attention Evidence for Coactivation With Redundant Signals  an extended race model  and a pooling coactivation modelIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
The decisions in our study may also or alternatively have depended on other cortical mechanisms Molholm et al Multisensory Interactions Within Human Primary Cortices Revealed by BOLD Dynamics et al Noppeney et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
The decisions in our study may also or alternatively have depended on other cortical mechanisms Molholm et al Martuzzi et al Perceptual Decisions Formed by Accumulation of Audiovisual Evidence in Prefrontal Cortex et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Sensory decisionmaking can be understood to depend on the accumulation over time of evidence in favour of a hypothesis for reviews see Bogacz Brown Moehlis Holmes amp Cohen The Neural Basis of Decision Making amp Shadlen Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Multisensory integration in superior colliculus develops with postnatal sensory experience which seems to be learnt via the corticoSC projection The Neural Basis of Multisensory Integration in the Midbrain Its Organization and Maturation et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
A wellknown substrate for this kind of localisation is the superior colliculus SC Development of Multisensory Neurons and Multisensory Integration in Cat Superior Colliculus et al Development of Multisensory Neurons and Multisensory Integration in Cat Superior Colliculus amp Stein Stein amp Meredith Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
A wellknown substrate for this kind of localisation is the superior colliculus SC Wallace et al Wallace amp The Merging of the Senses The Merging of the Senses amp Meredith Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
An important challenge recently highlighted by The Levels of Understanding Framework Revised Perception  is to include development and learning in a full explanation of how sensory systems workIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
These tasks have found absent or suboptimal pooling of signals until much later in childhood Gori et al Nardini et al Nardini et al Gori et al Nardini et al When Vision Is Not an Option Children s Integration of Auditory and Haptic Information Is Suboptimal et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Such mechanisms need to be understood at several distinct levels of analysis for example following Vision A Computational Investigation into the Human Representation and Processing of Visual Informations  influential formulation both the algorithms used for sensory processing and their biophysical underpinnings need to be understood which can be considered to provide separate albeit interrelated levels ofIntegration of audiovisual information pIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
These tasks have found absent or suboptimal pooling of signals until much later in childhood Young Children Do Not Integrate Visual and Haptic Form Information et al Nardini et al Nardini et al Young Children Do Not Integrate Visual and Haptic Form Information et al Nardini et al Petrini et al Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Sensory decisionmaking can be understood to depend on the accumulation over time of evidence in favour of a hypothesis for reviews see The Physics of Optimal Decision Making a Formal Analysis of Models of Performance in Two Alternative ForcedChoice Tasks Brown Moehlis Holmes amp Cohen Gold amp Shadlen Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Stimuli were presented using the Psychophysics Toolbox for Matlab The Psychophysics Toolbox Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
a an extreme case predicting the greatest RT benefits see Supplemental Methods and  context invariance Response Times Their Role in Inferring Elementary Mental Organization  that the systems processing of one signal egIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Age improvements in pooling efficiency would be consistent with childhood brain changes including synaptic pruning and myelination Huttenlocher amp Dabholkar Brain Development During Childhood and Adolescence a Longitudinal MRI Study et al  although their dependence on development of specific cortical or subcortical networks remains to be investigatedIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
those that maximise their reward rate Banburismus and the Brain Decoding the Relationship Between Sensory Stimuli Decisions and Reward amp Shadlen  and how these abilities developIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
Age improvements in pooling efficiency would be consistent with childhood brain changes including synaptic pruning and myelination Regional Differences in Synaptogenesis in Human Cerebral Cortex amp Dabholkar Giedd et al  although their dependence on development of specific cortical or subcortical networks remains to be investigatedIntegration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
We used the approach described in Testing the Race Model Inequality an Algorithm and Computer Programs Miller amp Schroter Integration of audiovisual information for spatial decisions in children and adults
 Why Do Corrupt Governments Maintain Public Support  and Wilson  offer some explanations as to why this is soTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 FernndezVzquez and Rivero  Manzetti and Wilson  and Some Puzzles of Political Corruption in Modern Advanced Democracies  offer some explanations as to why this is soTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Mon and Sekkat  Pellegrini and Gerlagh  Mo  and Corruption and Growth  find that it leads to lower investmentTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Countries with high levels of public sector corruption are found to receive less foreign aid by Alesina and Weder  and less foreign direct investment by Corruption and Direct Foreign Investment and Zurawicki Turkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 Corruption and Economic Growth  and Mauro  find that it leads to lower investmentTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
RoseAckerman  for example argues that corruption will always escalate to ever higher levels and Does Grease Money Speed up the Wheels of Commerce and Wei  find that in economies where corruption is high and more bribes have to be paid managers end up allocating more time to public officials and less time to productive workTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 and Japan Haltingly toward a Two Party System  show through Spanish Italian and Japanese examples that such corruption usually makes very little difference in the reelection fortunes of politicians even when it is public knowledgeTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Especially if they believe that the honest challengers will not be able to deliver the same results in terms of economic development and increases in their wellbeing many of them may still vote for the  It should be noted that some researchers such as Nye  and Economic Development Through Bureaucratic Corruption  argue that optimal level of corruption may be nonzeroTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Welch and Hibbing  Dimock and Jacobson  and The Effects of Charges of Corruption on Voting Behavior in Congressional Elections and Welch  provide similar evidence in the case of USTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Mon and Sekkat  Corruption Effects on Growth and Its Transmission Channels and Gerlagh  Mo  and Mauro  find that it leads to lower investmentTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Exposing Corrupt Politicians The Effect of Brazil s Publicly Released Audits on Electoral Outcomes and Finan  provide yet another case of voter retaliation depending on the severity of corruption unearthed its reliability and how well it is disseminatedTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Tanzi and Davoodi  and The Effects of Corruption on Growth Investment and Government Expenditure A Cross country Analysis  argue that corruption shifts public expenditures from growthpromoting to lowproductivity projectsTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 find the level of corruption to be lower and Corruption Democracy and Economic Growth et alTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Welch and Hibbing  Checks and Choices The House Bank Scandal s Impact on Voters in  and Jacobson  and Peters and Welch  provide similar evidence in the case of USTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
A more recent and more rigorous study by Economic Growth with Endogenous Corruption An Empirical Study  shows that the greaseinthewheel argument applies only in the cases of very highcorruption countries and by Carden and Verdon  only in the cases of lowfreedom countries Turkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Corruption Public Investment and Growth and Davoodi  and Mauro  argue that corruption shifts public expenditures from growthpromoting to lowproductivity projectsTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
The Effects of Charges of Corruption on Voting Behavior in Congressional Elections and Hibbing  Dimock and Jacobson  and Peters and The Effects of Charges of Corruption on Voting Behavior in Congressional Elections  provide similar evidence in the case of USTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
A more recent and more rigorous study by Swaleheen  shows that the greaseinthewheel argument applies only in the cases of very highcorruption countries and by When is Corruption a Substitute for Economic Freedom  and Verdon  only in the cases of lowfreedom countries Turkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 A Free Press Is Bad News for Corruption and Weder  and Besley and Burgess  provide evidence on the importance of a free press in reducing corruptionTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 Brunetti and Weder  and The Political Economy of Government Responsiveness Theory and Evidence from India and Burgess  provide evidence on the importance of a free press in reducing corruptionTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
Especially if they believe that the honest challengers will not be able to deliver the same results in terms of economic development and increases in their wellbeing many of them may still vote for the  It should be noted that some researchers such as Corruption and Political Development A Cost Benefit Analysis  and Leff  argue that optimal level of corruption may be nonzeroTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
 show that it raises fatalities from earthquakes and Traffic Fatalities and Public Sector Corruption et alTurkish Voter Response to Government Incompetence and Corruption Related to the  Earthquakes
A summary including each of the prior investigations of NGC  is beyond the scope of this paper see Handbook of Star Forming Regions et alA CATALOG OF POINT SOURCES TOWARD NGC
Its stars are thought to have an average age of  Myr eg Handbook of Star Forming Regions et alA CATALOG OF POINT SOURCES TOWARD NGC
Source detection was performed using CIAO Chandra Interactive Analysis of Observations Proc SPIE et alA CATALOG OF POINT SOURCES TOWARD NGC
Influence of statefunded mental health servicesIt might be thought that services almost entirely funded by taxes would welcome RCOM simply on the basis of value Redefining health care creating value based competition on results amp Teisberg  but this has only been the case in the UK in the case of the huge investment in Improving Access to Psychological Therapies IAPT described aboveRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Rates of HoNOS paired ratings for completed episodes have been reported as around  Objections to routine clinical outcomes measurement in mental health services any evidence so far amp Trauer  although within services there are teams achieving Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Some of these were routinely implemented in some English services from  The usefulness of aggregate routine clinical outcomes data The example of HoNOS   whilst the majority hung back Gilbody House amp Sheldon Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
New techniques of natural language processing of electronic clinical records  Evaluation of smoking status identification using electronic health records and open text information in a large mental health case register et al  are now being applied to the extraction of interventions thus avoiding burdening the clinicians or service users with extra datagatheringRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
A costbenefit analysis argued that the cost to taxpayers would be fully covered by the savings in incapacity benefits and extra taxes that result from more people being able to work Cost benefit analysis of psychological therapy R Clark D Knapp M amp Mayraz G Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Despite evidence supporting feedback to patients of their own PROM outcomes data in psychotherapeutic settings Improving psychotherapy outcome the use of immediate electronic feedback and revised clinical support tools Lambert Harmon Smart amp Bailey  only in some psychotherapy services in the UK does this occur and this has yet to be reported in secondary careRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
 Patient reported outcome data generated in a clinical intervention in community mental health care psychometric properties Golden McCabe amp Reininghaus  has reported the results of subjective quality of life items in DIALOG see Table  a structured communication tool in mental health servicesRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Some of these were routinely implemented in some English services from  Macdonald  whilst the majority hung back Psychiatrists in the UK do not use outcomes measures National survey House amp Sheldon Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
It has introduced a powerful incentive for services to game outcomes in the same way as has already been suggested is happening with mortality data Rigging the Death Rate  despite threats to criminalise this activity in the NHSRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
In the UK however the word outcomes has recently been heard at every level of government Commissioning for better health outcomes  and as ever imperfectly translated into action or actual resources it is helping drive the RCOM process forwards as is excitement about value Porter et al Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Interestingly within a group of participants untrained in the CGAS  of doctors and  of psychologists were within  points of an expert group consensus rating suggesting that with the instructions in the measure alone high reliability can be reached by many professionals Children s Global Assessment Scale CGAS in a naturalistic clinical setting Inter rater reliability and comparison with expert ratings Kowalski Sundberg Gumpert amp Landen Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
The simplicity and validity of the numerator is perhaps misleading Key issues in outcomes measurement  especially in mental healthRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Do we measure outcomes for those whose treatment has ended or less gratifyingly for all patients In some cases changes in outcomes before and after management reformsuch as the institution of kindness for severity and indulgence for restrictions were used to justify them Curiosities of London Exhibiting the Most Rare and Remarkable Objects of Interest in the Metropolis with Nearly Sixty Years Personal Recollections Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
One of the issues of PROMs is the degree with which although completed by service users they address actual concerns of service usersparticularly in the domains now covered by the notion of recoveryas opposed to those of clinicians managers service providers and governments other stakeholders in the outcomes grid The significance of outcomes within European health sector reforms towards the development of an outcomes culture amp Jefferson Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
The SDQ was extended to include questions asking about the impact of problems for instance how severe problems are for how long they have been present and in what areas are they shown home life friendships classroom or leisure The extended version of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire as a guide to child psychiatric caseness and consequent burden Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
In the s the UK Department of Education became rabid about routine educational testing eventually pushing through dramatic reforms in the teeth of professional opposition A brief history of a testing time national curriculum assessment in England Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Inflation Depression and Economic Policy in the Wests Law briefly any measure that becomes a target ceases to be a measure Inflation Depression and Economic Policy in the West  was also ignored so that the outcomes of education in the UK in the st century remain essentially unknownRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Despite Psychometric properties of the Mental Health Recovery Star et als critique experience by UKRCOM members suggests that it is a useful tool for a collaborative approach to care planning and perhaps outcomes measurementRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
The semantic halo Lewis  of the word outcomesFor many outside any health service it would seem axiomatic that they would be interested in the results of their ministrations and the fact that this is clearly not the case even in orthopaedics where The End Result Idea originated Historical perspective Ernest Amory Codman   A pioneer of evidence based medicine the end result idea amp Weinstein  is a mystery beyond the reach of this paperRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Without comparison between scores at the beginning and end of a period of intervention league tables are meaningless Value added Attacks technical issues in reporting national curriculum assessments Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
The rigour of its development and psychometric assessment is unparalleled in routine measures used in the UK and in particular normative data are published  Connell et al  and the testretest reliability has been estimated  Evans et al  which allows the calculation of reliable and clinically significant change using methods suggested by Clinical significance a statistical approach to defining meaningful change in psychotherapy research amp Truax Clinical significance a statistical approach to defining meaningful change in psychotherapy research amp Truax Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
When the notion of a hierarchy of evidence became more amenable to challenge Legitimacy authority and hierarchy critical challenges for evidence based medicine amp Tracy  and at the same time information technology began to achieve reasonable levels of reliability the conditions became once again ripe for RCOMRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
sceptically reported by Statistics of insanity embracing a report of Bethlem Hospital from  to  inclusive Statistics of insanity embracing a report of Bethlem Hospital from  to  inclusive  who like Thurnham  before him pondered on methodology crucially the denominatorRoutine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
HoNOS are technically plural whether the  scales can sensibly be regarded as separate or as items in a single scale is contentious An evaluation of the independence of the Health of the Nation Outcome Scales Speak Hay amp Muncer Routine Mental Health Outcome Measurement in the UK Running title RCOM in the UK
Syria Ancient Glass An Interdisciplinary Exploration  which also made primary glass secondary workshop material  from the Early Islamic period has hardly been investigated in detailGlass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
It has been observed that glass may undergo a number of compositional changes  during vessel production due to contamination mixing and loss of volatile material at high  temperatures  Glass from a late Byzantine  secondary workshop at Ramla South Israel et al Paynter Rehren et al Glass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
  which is a reflection of the association of these components in feldspar or clay minerals in  the glassmaking sand  New evidence of the production of  raw glass at late Byzantine Apollonia Arsuf Israel et al Glass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
In the present case it has been argued above that the glass being  melted was primary material brought to the workshop direct from tank furnaces but it appears that even single glass slabs were inhomogeneous as indicated by the detailed  investigation of the glass from the tanks at Beth Eliezer  Composition of primary glass  et al Glass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
 Chemical Analyses of Early Glasses  were measured a number of times during  the same analytical run and results compare well with the given values Table Ancient Glass Standards A and B Results Table  show that the glasses are all sodalimesilica compositions with the can be subdivided on this basis into three groups labelled AC FigGlass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
It has been observed that glass may undergo a number of compositional changes  during vessel production due to contamination mixing and loss of volatile material at high  temperatures  Tal et al Experiments in the reconstruction of Roman wood fired glassworking  furnaces Waste products and their formation processes Rehren et al Glass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
Group A is  probably also present here because of its amber colour which was difficult to produce as it  required especially reducing conditions in the primary glass making furnace to generate  the ferrisulphide chromophore  Iron and sulphur related colors in ancient glasses and Brill Arletti et al Freestone  and Stapleton  and is likely to have been produced on an occasional basisGlass Production at an Early Islamic Workshop in Tel Aviv
Also for A   or L  algebras with m    such homology theories have been known we refer readers to Cohomology theories for homotopy algebras and noncommutative geometry for the definitions using noncommutative geometryOn the obstructed Lagrangian Floer theory
Social cognitive neuroscience has recently begun to recognize that nervous systems of interacting individuals behave quite differently from those of solitary subjects and often become interdependent  Hari and Kujala Babiloni and Astolfi Toward a second person neuroscience et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Eye movements  Richardson et al  postural sway  Conversation and coordinative structures et al  and even blinking Cummins  have all been found to become subtly intertwined in conversation leading to a dynamic entanglement of the participantsVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
A competing account has recently been proposed that regards interpersonal coordination in dialog as a form of synergy or dynamical coupling  Dialog as interpersonal synergy et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Eye movements  Richardson et al  postural sway  Shockley et al  and even blinking Gaze and blinking in dyadic conversation a study in coordinated behaviour among individuals  have all been found to become subtly intertwined in conversation leading to a dynamic entanglement of the participantsVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
I will argue that the way in which we conventionally treat of the phenomenon called language is overly restrictive and seems more appropriate to the characterization of writing than speakinglistening  Written Language Bias in Linguistics Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
This approach is rooted in dynamical approaches to coordination that are levelagnostic seeking to understand emergent phenomena at one level eg the dyad as arising through processes of selforganization from the constrained interaction of autonomous components at a lower level the speakerlisteners Dynamic Patterns Latash Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Joint speaking is an umbrella term I have coined to cover all occasions in which the same words are uttered by multiple people in unison Joint speech the missing link between speech and music  aVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
It thus provides a scaffold for shared intentionality Cogitamus ergo sumus the intentionality of the firstperson plural Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Eye movements  The art of conversation is coordination common ground and the coupling of eye movements during dialogue et al  postural sway  Shockley et al  and even blinking Cummins  have all been found to become subtly intertwined in conversation leading to a dynamic entanglement of the participantsVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Speakers and listeners are further linked through the provision by the latter of signals of ongoing engagement through postural gestural and vocal indices or backchannels  Gesture and speech in interaction an overview et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
This approach is rooted in dynamical approaches to coordination that are levelagnostic seeking to understand emergent phenomena at one level eg the dyad as arising through processes of selforganization from the constrained interaction of autonomous components at a lower level the speakerlisteners Kelso Synergy Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Understanding Media The Extensions of Man claimed that writing was an embalming process that froze language Understanding Media The Extensions of Man  and he provides an anectode from Prince Modupe who speaks of his encounter with the written word in his West African daysThe one crowded space in Father Perrys house was his bookshelvesVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Here we can see that the complement is also true writing gives rise to a particular kind of objectivity one in which for the first time it is possible to have facts that speak for themselves An Inquiry into Modes of Existence Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
While groups have frequently been found to outperform individuals in tasks of judgment and estimation When are two heads better than one and why   groups involved in joint speech of protest are often found in volatile situations where collective actions are rudimentary and aggressiveVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
This approach highlights the sensitivity of participants to real time recurrent interaction as is evident even in the early interactions of infants and mothers The infant s role in mother infant communications and Trevarthen Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Speech produced in these constrained laboratory settings is remarkably unremarkable and the technique of having subjects speak in synchrony has been used as a device for obtaining unmarked speech in several phonetic studies KrivokapicKrivokapic Synchronous speech and speech rate and Nam ODell et al Dellwo and Friedrichs Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
However it is not necessary to appeal to such unobservable constructs from a hidden Cartesian world Radicalizing Enactivism Basic Minds Without Content and Myin Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
But if message passing does not illuminate such behavior it seems fair to ask how we might better characterize it why are people engaging in such vocal activity if not to pass ideas around While there is probably not a single answer to this question a useful conceptual approach suggests itself from the theory of speech acts How to do Things with Words Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Parallels between linguistic grammar and ritual structure have previously been noted  Grammars and Morphologies of Ritual Practices in Asia et al  but the principal point argued here is that voice has given rise to more than one species of formalizationVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
The World on Paper  further documents the profound conceptual and cognitive implications of the spread of literacyVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Speech produced in these constrained laboratory settings is remarkably unremarkable and the technique of having subjects speak in synchrony has been used as a device for obtaining unmarked speech in several phonetic studies KrivokapicKrivokapic Kim and Nam OAssessing rhythmic differences with synchronous speech et al Assessing rhythmic differences with synchronous speechwo and Friedrichs Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
The other great apes do not have such a contrast and their ability to align their gaze is severely limited and based on head direction rather than the eyesalthough chimpanzees and bonobos in particular do display some evidence of understanding the visual perspective of another Great apes understanding of other individuals line of sight et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
That change gave rise to the white sclera of the human eye that contrasts vividly with the darker iris thus providing a very clean signal of the direction of gaze of a partner  Reliance on head versus eyes in the gaze following of great apes and human infants the cooperative eye hypothesis et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Orality and Literacy The Technologizing of the Word  provides an authoritative and comprehensive catalog of differences between the way knowledge is managed shared and verbalized in primary oral cultures and in highly literate onesVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
A wellworked mathematical framework for describing how autonomous systems that interact in real time can give rise to emergent phenomena at the collective level is available eg as illustrated by the field of coordination dynamics Kelso Social coordination from the perspective of coordination dynamics Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Live conversational partners become entangled not only in ways that fit a linguistic description lexical priming syntactic biasing phonological and phonetic imitation Toward a mechanistic psychology of dialogue and Garrod  but in a host of subtle ways that have hitherto been treated of as nonlinguisticVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
It is representationhungry demanding computational representations at many levels and indeed in its most recent form it conjures up a baroque series of simulations inside the heads of individuals who must not only act but also predict the actions of others  Self other and joint monitoring using forward models and Garrod Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
On the messagepassing view speech is an expression of the highly valued notional faculty of language and thus central to our human minds while music is denigrated as auditory cheesecake with nofrom his perspectiveapparent functional significance thus meriting being grouped together with artistic expression cheesecake and pornography How the mind works Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Although not focussed on languaging Interpersonal synergies et alVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
I am thus wielding the term belief  here in a sense rather like the dispositional account provided by The Concept of Mind Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
The interaction of voice and gaze may play a particularly strong role in allowing the protracted sustainment of conditions of joint attention which appears as a possible foundation for the shared intentionality required to ground a human cultural world  Understanding and sharing intentions the origins of cultural cognition et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
This has found expression in theoretical notions of common ground Clark and Brennan  or socially shared cognition Conversation analysis and socially shared cognition Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
In Why Suy sing A Musical Anthropology of an Amazonian People  an account is provided of the way music and song are integrated into the lives of the Suy people of the Amazon basinVoice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
The ability to follow each others gaze thus facilitates the sharing of attention and has been demonstrated to structure motherchild interactions while inducing the abilty to take part in languaging  Joint attention and early language and Farrar Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
This is not merely a syntactic quirk of one group of languages as it is found in such typologically distant languages as Japanese Chinese Turkish and Spanish On the distribution and reference of empty pronouns Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
Social cognitive neuroscience has recently begun to recognize that nervous systems of interacting individuals behave quite differently from those of solitary subjects and often become interdependent  Brain basis of human social interaction from concepts to brain imaging and Kujala Babiloni and Astolfi Schilbach et al Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
These changes affect not only the way language is used but the very structure of the consciousness of language users Foundational issues in enaction as a paradigm for cognitive science from the origin of life to consciousness and writing Voice intersubjectivity and real time recurrent interaction
The equilibrium measure  is the probability measure with support S that arises as the weak limit of the  n so On the statistical mechanics approach in the random matrix theory integrated density of states et al  prove the existence of this weak limit under general conditions which include the above vOn the tau function associated with the generalized unitary ensemble
In so doing we follow the analysis of Its A Riemann Hilbert approach to the Akhiezer polynomials and Its  who considered the  that is analogous to the Chebyshev distribution on multiple intervalsOn the tau function associated with the generalized unitary ensemble
A generalization of the Chebyshev polynomials and Lawrence  used the theory of elliptic functions to investigate these polynomialsOn the tau function associated with the generalized unitary ensemble
Since then further work has shown that MEP yields reasonable predictions of hemispheric heat transport on other planetary bodies  and of empirical friction coefficients in atmospheric general circulation models  but also for vertical convection Mep and planetary climates insights from a two box climate model containing atmospheric dynamics and convection at hydrothermal vents at the seafloor Life hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
Due to the competition of work extraction from this heating gradient with radiativeconductive processes a maximum power that can be used to material cycling has been shown to exist Assessing potential biotic effects on the interior dynamics of planet Earth using non equilibrium thermodynamicsLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
If we use the concrete numbers of the model we obtain as an overall maximum efficiency  max  P exmax J in       which corresponds closely with the actual reported efficiency of the atmospheric circulation Physics of climate Life hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
the generation and dissipation of atmospheric motion  and associated optimality  the intensity of hurricanes  hydrological processes at the land surface  the atmospheric branch of hydrologic cycle Entropy budget of an atmosphere in radiative convective equilibrium Part II Latent heat transport and moist processes ocean dynamics  and obviously geochemical transformationsLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
the generation and dissipation of atmospheric motion  and associated optimality  the intensity of hurricanes  hydrological processes at the land surface  the atmospheric branch of hydrologic cycle Entropy budget of an atmosphere in radiative convective equilibrium Part I Maximum work and frictional dissipation ocean dynamics  and obviously geochemical transformationsLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
These processes generally operate away from a state of thermodynamic equilibrium and there is some evidence that these operate in steady states at which they maximize their dissipative activity or almost equivalently maximize power generation or entropy production the proposed Maximum Entropy Production MEP principle Non equilibrium thermodynamics and Maximum Entropy Production in the Earth system applications and implicationsLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
the generation and dissipation of atmospheric motion  and associated optimality  the intensity of hurricanes  hydrological processes at the land surface  the atmospheric branch of hydrologic cycle  ocean dynamics Ocean circulation kinetic energy reservoirs sources and sinks and obviously geochemical transformationsLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
This commonality of living organisms and purely physical dissipative processes led Atmospheric homeostasis by and for the biosphere The Gaia hypothesis to use the metaphor of describing Earth as a superorganismLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
Due to the competition of work extraction from this heating gradient with radiativeconductive processes a maximum power that can be used to material cycling has been shown to exist Planets life and the production of entropyLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Lotka  and further explored by others Thermodynamics of life and Earth system functioningLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
The resulting view of the Earth system is then compared to the Gaia hypothesis of James Gaia as seen through the atmosphere Gaia as seen through the atmosphere and the role of human activity in the global work budget is being discussedLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Contribution to the energetics of evolution Contribution to the energetics of evolution and further explored by others What has been mostly absent is to integrate these components into one big picture of the whole planetLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Natural selection as a physical principle Natural selection as a physical principle and further explored by others What has been mostly absent is to integrate these components into one big picture of the whole planetLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Lotka  and further explored by others The strategy of ecosystem developmentWhat has been mostly absent is to integrate these components into one big picture of the whole planetLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Lotka  and further explored by others Self organization transformity and informationWhat has been mostly absent is to integrate these components into one big picture of the whole planetLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
To characterize the organization of the steady state that describes the sum of all living organisms in an ecosystem at the small scale or in the biosphere at the global scale the same thermodynamic maximization principles have been proposed first by Lotka  and further explored by others Into the cool energy flow thermodynamics and lifeWhat has been mostly absent is to integrate these components into one big picture of the whole planetLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
The resulting view of the Earth system is then compared to the Gaia hypothesis of James Gaia a new look at life on Earth Gaia a new look at life on Earth and the role of human activity in the global work budget is being discussedLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
The presentday average value for this influx is about  W m  Global physical climatology which by using the surface area of the Earth     m   yields a global total sum of about   TW  TW    WLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
However extracting work from this gradient competes with the radiative exchange which also depletes this gradient so a maximum power exists that can be extracted from this driver States of maximum entropy production in a one dimensional vertical model with convective adjustmentLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
However extracting work from this gradient competes with the radiative exchange which also depletes this gradient so a maximum power exists that can be extracted from this driver A simple expression for vertical convective fluxes in planetary atmospheresLife hierarchy and the thermodynamic machinery of planet Earth
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Labels can override perceptual categories in early infancy et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Barsalou Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Dynamic noun generalization moment to moment interactions shape children s naming biases and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Barsalou Category learning in a dynamic world
Category learning is a product of nested timescales including a the current moment eg how similar the stimuli are on the current trial Horst and Twomey  b the just previous past eg what happens during the intertrial interval KovackLesh and Oakes  whether stimuli on the first test trial are novel or familiar Schner and Thelen  and trial order effects Fast mapping of multiple words insights into when the information provided does and does not equal the information perceived et al Vlach et al  and c developmental history eg vocabulary level Ellis and Oakes Horst et al Perry and Samuelson Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar Hold your horses how exposure to different items influences infant categorization and Oakes In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Barsalou Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars A comparison of infants categorization in paired and successive presentation familiarization tasks and Ribar KovackLesh and A comparison of infants categorization in paired and successive presentation familiarization tasks In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Barsalou Category learning in a dynamic world
For example children will track who is present when they hear a new word eg The role of discourse novelty in early word learning et al  whether the speaker has provided reliable information before eg Jaswal and Neely  and whether a question is repeated eg Samuel and Bryant Category learning in a dynamic world
For example children are more likely to learn names for nonsolid substances if introduced to the gooey items in a familiar highchair context Highchair philosophers the impact of seating context dependent exploration on children s naming biases et al Category learning in a dynamic world
Furthermore the process of categorizing objects is not independent of the objects themselves different objects may be more or less flexibly assigned to different categories depending on the context Flexible and context dependant categorization by  montholds and Tan  and information available Category learning in a dynamic world
As dozens of studies illustrate boring factors like counterbalancing and stimuli choice during both learning and testing can have a profound effect on findings including trial order  Wilkinson et al  how many targets Testing a word is not a test of word learning andHorst  or competitors Horst et al  are presented or the color of the stimuli Samuelson and Horst Category learning in a dynamic world
A result like this sheds light onto the generalization process deciding how broadly a category should be applied depends on the timing of experience with exemplars see The role of exemplar distribution in infants differentiation of categories and Spalding Samuelson and Horst  for similar findingsCategory learning in a dynamic world
Category learning is a product of nested timescales including a the current moment eg how similar the stimuli are on the current trial Horst and Twomey  b the just previous past eg what happens during the intertrial interval KovackLesh and Oakes  whether stimuli on the first test trial are novel or familiar Schner and Thelen  and trial order effects Wilkinson et al Vlach et al  and c developmental history eg vocabulary level Ellis and Oakes Horst et al The shape of the vocabulary predicts the shape of the bias and Samuelson Category learning in a dynamic world
For example children will track who is present when they hear a new word eg Akhtar et al  whether the speaker has provided reliable information before eg Jaswal and Neely  and whether a question is repeated eg Asking only one question in the conservation experiment and Bryant Category learning in a dynamic world
We know that environment matters because there are significant effects of household chaos  Chaos in the home and socioeconomic status are associated with cognitive development in early childhood environmental mediators identified in a genetic design et al  excessive classroom decorations  Fisher et al  and environmental noise for a review see Klatte et al  on childrens cognitionCategory learning in a dynamic world
We know that environment matters because there are significant effects of household chaos  Petrill et al  excessive classroom decorations  Fisher et al  and environmental noise for a review see Does noise affect learning A short review on noise effects on cognitive performance in children et al  on childrens cognitionCategory learning in a dynamic world
For example Black Xhosa children in South Africa prefer ownrace faces if they live in a primarily Black township but prefer higherstatus race faces if they live in a racially diverse city Race preferences in children insights from South Africa et al Category learning in a dynamic world
If a behavior such as category learning can only be captured in an ideal environment under carefullycontrolled conditions how much can we generalize to the contexts in which learning typically occurs Theoretical accounts that neglect the rich influence of context in real time are too narrow to be applied outside the lab Working memory capacity as a dynamic process and Perone Category learning in a dynamic world
All categories are not created equal categories vary in complexity and withincategory similarity From perceptual categories to concepts what develops  Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Induction and categorization in young children a similaritybased model and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Barsalou Category learning in a dynamic world
Category learning is a product of nested timescales including a the current moment eg how similar the stimuli are on the current trial Horst and Twomey  b the just previous past eg what happens during the intertrial interval KovackLesh and Oakes  whether stimuli on the first test trial are novel or familiar Schner and Thelen  and trial order effects Wilkinson et al The spacing effect in children s memory and category induction et al  and c developmental history eg vocabulary level Ellis and Oakes Horst et al Perry and Samuelson Category learning in a dynamic world
test trials is arbitrary with respect to the processes that operate within the task  Word learning as the interaction of online referent selection and slow associative learning et al Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features The role of dimensional distinctiveness in children s and adults artifact categorization and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes Category learning in a dynamic world
In naturalistic environments categories are often ad hoc and flexible Ad hoc categories Category learning in a dynamic world
We know that environment matters because there are significant effects of household chaos  Petrill et al  excessive classroom decorations  Visual environment attention allocation and learning in young children when too much of a good thing may be bad et al  and environmental noise for a review see Klatte et al  on childrens cognitionCategory learning in a dynamic world
Category learning is a product of nested timescales including a the current moment eg how similar the stimuli are on the current trial Horst and Twomey  b the just previous past eg what happens during the intertrial interval KovackLesh and Oakes  whether stimuli on the first test trial are novel or familiar Schner and Thelen  and trial order effects Wilkinson et al Vlach et al  and c developmental history eg vocabulary level Infants flexibly use different dimensions to categorize objects and Oakes Horst et al Perry and Samuelson Category learning in a dynamic world
simultaneous presentation Oakes and Ribar Lawson  and differences in testing contexts can lead to indications of what has been learned How infants process addition and subtraction events and Marks Category learning in a dynamic world
Category learning is a product of nested timescales including a the current moment eg how similar the stimuli are on the current trial Toddlers can adaptively change how they categorize same objects same session two different categorical distinctions and Twomey  b the just previous past eg what happens during the intertrial interval KovackLesh and Oakes  whether stimuli on the first test trial are novel or familiar Schner and Thelen  and trial order effects Wilkinson et al Vlach et al  and c developmental history eg vocabulary level Ellis and Oakes Toddlers can adaptively change how they categorize same objects same session two different categorical distinctions et al Perry and Samuelson Category learning in a dynamic world
This is important because children adjust their learning depending on who is providing information eg the same or different experimenter Who is she Changes in the person context affect categorization and Sandhofer  human or robot O Connell et al  mom or dad Pancsofar and VernonFeagans Category learning in a dynamic world
Furthermore where children live interacts with who they are only infants from the statistically dominant race show ownrace face preferences infants from the minority race show no race preference  Nature and nurture in own race face processing et al Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features  It s taking shape shared object features influence novel noun generalizations visual cues to animacy Jones et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes Category learning in a dynamic world
For example children will track who is present when they hear a new word eg Akhtar et al  whether the speaker has provided reliable information before eg Adults don t always know best preschoolers use past reliability over age when learning new words and Neely  and whether a question is repeated eg Samuel and Bryant Category learning in a dynamic world
Where children draw boundaries between categories is influenced by category object properties including distinctive features Hammer and Diesendruck  number of common features Samuelson and Horst Horst and Twomey  visual cues to animacy Object properties and knowledge in early lexical learning et al  the presence of category labels  Sloutsky and Fisher Plunkett et al  and the presence of other objects eg identical or nonidentical exemplars Oakes and Ribar KovackLesh and Oakes Category learning in a dynamic world
Interestingly this framework also coincides with recent findings obtained by Stereotype formation Biased by association Reimers Calvini Spears Beesley and Murphy Featurespecific attention allocation modulates the generalization of recently acquired likes and dislikes
Although generally classified as a metabolic bone disorder what accounts for the small numbers of affected bones in most patients Can other paramyxoviruses induce a pagetic phenotype Studies utilizing immunochemical and RNA techniques have suggested that not only MV  Rebel et alReddy et al  but respiratory syncytial virus or canine distemper virus could be responsible for a slow virus infection analogous to subacute sclerosing panencephalitis which occurs in children following MV infection Proc Natl Acad Sci USA et al Gordon et al  although other studies have failed to confirm these findings  Helfrich et al The Etiology of Pagets Disease of Bone Viral and Genetic Interactions
Adequate expertise is necessary as movement disorder specialists are more likely to identify good candidates for DBS  Referring patients for deep brain stimulation An improving practice et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Several factors contribute to this underrating Referring clinicians may underestimate the number of suitable patients  Selection of deep brain stimulation candidates in private neurology practices referral may be simpler than a computerized triage system et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Early estimations range from  to  How many Parkinsonian patients are suitable candidates for deep brain stimulation of subthalamic nucleus Results of a questionnaire et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Case registries are indispensable for preventing a publication bias and its negative consequences namely faulty evaluations of therapies flawed therapy recommendations unpromising treatment attempts and unneeded clinical studies Mller and Christen Scientific and ethical issues related to deep brain stimulation for disorders of mood behavior and thought et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
We identified only one comment that points to potential problems when selecting patients suffering from dementia in clinical DBS trials  Deep brain stimulation for cognitive disorders insights into targeting nucleus basalis of Meynert in Alzheimer dementia et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Outcome analyzes help to prevent the repetition of former failures and to establish a good practice  Surgical innovation and ethical dilemmas A panel discussion et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Deep brain stimulation for the treatment of Alzheimer disease and dementias and Lozano  nor in case studies  Fontaine et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
First  of the centers operate  or less patients per year although  patients per year are considered to be the minimum quantity for DBS training centers  Training chart in movement disorders surgery added competence et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
In particular an international expert panel has recently stated in a consensus paper that until scientifically proven otherwise DBS is not superior to ablative surgery for psychiatric disorders  Consensus on guidelines for stereotactic neurosurgery for psychiatric disorders et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Laxton and Lozano  nor in case studies  Symptomatic treatment of memory decline in Alzheimer s disease by deep brain stimulation a feasibility study et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
Novel DBS indications planning It is likely that DBS will become a bearer of hope for many psychiatric disorders in particular for depression OCD and Tourettes syndrome for which known therapies have failed eg recent studies estimate that more than  of patients suffering from depression may be treatmentresistant Prevalence of treatment resistant depression in primary care cross sectional data et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
This tension that may have an influence on DBS exclusion criteria is discussed neither in recent reviews  Stimulate or degenerate deep brain stimulation of the nucleus basalis Meynert in Alzheimer dementia et alEthical focal points in the international practice of deep brain stimulation Ethical Focal Points in the International Practice of Deep Brain Stimulation
The rate of fragmentation would be expected to increase with the average size of growing fibrils and hence an increase in the number of growth sites with time leading to a potentially cooperative accumulation of fibrillated protein with time An analytical solution to the kinetics of breakable filament assembly The effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
A simple model based upon excluded volume theory was shown to quantitatively account for the dependence of the kinetics of amyloid fiber formation upon the concentration of added polymer Age related changes in albumin excluded volume fraction The effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
At the same time gerontological studies have revealed a gradual reduction in the water content of aging tissue including brain tissue Content of water soluble and total proteins in the aging human brain which is equivalent to an increase in the total macromolecular concentration in the aqueous compartments of these tissuesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
The models to be summarized below are based upon highly simplified hard particle representations of molecular size and shape which have been found useful for semiquantitative estimation of the effect of crowding upon the free energies equilibrium and rateconstants of reactions in crowded solutions The effective hard particle model provides a simple robust and broadly applicable description of nonideal behavior in concentrated solutions of bovine serum albumin and other nonassociating proteinsThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
More recently studies carried out in several laboratories Macromolecular crowding accelerates amyloid formation by human apolipoprotein C II revealed that the addition of significant concentrations of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can greatly accelerate the formation of fibrillar protein aggregatesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
At the same time gerontological studies have revealed a gradual reduction in the water content of aging tissue including brain tissue Alterations in total content and solubility characteristics of proteins in rat brain and liver during aging and centrophenoxine treatment which is equivalent to an increase in the total macromolecular concentration in the aqueous compartments of these tissuesIn the following section we review simple models for the effect of excluded volume crowding upon the kinetics of solubility loss and fiber formationThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
Several neurodegenerative diseases most prominent among them Alzheimers Dementia and Parkinsonism are extremely rare in individuals under the age of about sixty but the incidence rises sharply above that age reaching  at the age of eighty Age specific incidence of Alzheimer s Disease in a community populationThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
Several neurodegenerative diseases most prominent among them Alzheimers Dementia and Parkinsonism are extremely rare in individuals under the age of about sixty but the incidence rises sharply above that age reaching  at the age of eighty Rates of dementia in three ethnoracial groupsThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
There have been many hypotheses proposed relating the aggregation of a protein or peptide associated with a particular disease to the ensuing neuronal damage and death The relationship between amyloid structure and toxicity  including loss of essential native protein function and toxicity of oligomers or large aggregatesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
These conditions are met in a wide variety of simulations reflecting broad variation in initial rates of polymer growth polymer geometry and size and postulated temporal gradients of volume occupancy by an inert crowderThe model for fibrillation presented here does not take into account the potential fragmentation of growing fibrils A model of amyloid s role in disease based upon fibril fracture The effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
Scaled particle theory Scaled particle theory of fluid mixtures  then yields the approximate expressionln  s  ln     A  z  A  z   A  z  whereA   R   R   R a A   R   R  b A   R  c z     and R  r s r c The effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
We then define the effective solubility constant The effect of volume occupancy upon the thermodynamic activity of proteins some biochemical consequences  K s   c s  K  s  s For transitionstate rate limited ie slow association reactions crowding affects primarily the association rate constant The effect of volume occupancy upon the thermodynamic activity of proteins some biochemical consequences  so we may writeln k a k  a   ln K s K  s  ln  s where k  a denotes the value of the association rate constant in dilute ideal solutionThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
The models to be summarized below are based upon highly simplified hard particle representations of molecular size and shape which have been found useful for semiquantitative estimation of the effect of crowding upon the free energies equilibrium and rateconstants of reactions in crowded solutions Macromolecular crowding qualitative and semiquantitative successes quantitative challengesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
At the same time gerontological studies have revealed a gradual reduction in the water content of aging tissue including brain tissue Protein and water contents of aging brain which is equivalent to an increase in the total macromolecular concentration in the aqueous compartments of these tissuesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
More recently studies carried out in several laboratories Elongation of actin filaments is a diffusion limited reaction at the barbed end and is accelerated by inert macromolecules revealed that the addition of significant concentrations of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can greatly accelerate the formation of fibrillar protein aggregatesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
More recently studies carried out in several laboratories Acceleration of fibrin gel formation by unrelated proteins revealed that the addition of significant concentrations of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can greatly accelerate the formation of fibrillar protein aggregatesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
More recently studies carried out in several laboratories On interaction of solute molecules with porous networks revealed that the addition of significant concentrations of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can greatly accelerate the formation of fibrillar protein aggregatesThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
However it is a common experience that proteins in purified solutions left at room temperature for extended periods will begin to precipitate and that addition of small amounts of destabilizing agents can significantly accelerate the loss of function or formation of various types of aggregatesIt was shown long ago that the addition of a moderately high concentration of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can significantly reduce the solubility of a variety of trace proteins  and quantitative models based upon the concept of excluded volume were shown to account semiquantitatively for the observed dependence of solubility on the concentration of added polymer or protein were introduced The interaction between polysaccharides and other macromolecules  The osmotic pressure of mixtures of serum albumin and hyaluronic acidThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
However it is a common experience that proteins in purified solutions left at room temperature for extended periods will begin to precipitate and that addition of small amounts of destabilizing agents can significantly accelerate the loss of function or formation of various types of aggregatesIt was shown long ago that the addition of a moderately high concentration of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can significantly reduce the solubility of a variety of trace proteins  and quantitative models based upon the concept of excluded volume were shown to account semiquantitatively for the observed dependence of solubility on the concentration of added polymer or protein were introduced Mechanism of precipitation of proteins by polyethylene glycolsThe effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
However it is a common experience that proteins in purified solutions left at room temperature for extended periods will begin to precipitate and that addition of small amounts of destabilizing agents can significantly accelerate the loss of function or formation of various types of aggregatesIt was shown long ago that the addition of a moderately high concentration of functionally unrelated polymers or proteins can significantly reduce the solubility of a variety of trace proteins The interaction between polysaccharides and other macromolecules The solubility of proteins in the presence of dextran and quantitative models based upon the concept of excluded volume were shown to account semiquantitatively for the observed dependence of solubility on the concentration of added polymer or protein were introduced The effect of timedependent macromolecular crowding on the kinetics of protein aggregation a simple model for the onset of agerelated neurodegenerative disease
Similarly in the domain of business studies have found that CEOs who possess certain facial features command higher salaries and are hired by more successful companies Graham Harvey amp Puri Harms Han amp Chen Livingston amp Pearce Pfann Biddle Hamermesh amp Bosman Rule amp Ambady A face only an investor could love CEOs facial structure predicts their firms financial performance Ormiston amp Haselhuhn FACES OF LEADERSHIP The Many Distinctive Faces of Leadership Inferring Leadership Domain from Facial Appearance
Yet the human mind often relies on superficial cues to form judgments or make decisions and the choice of which leader to select is no exception A large and growing literature shows that facial appearances predict success in reaching prestigious leadership positions Antonakis amp Jacquart Elected in  milliseconds Appearance based trait inferences and voting amp Todorov aFACES OF LEADERSHIP The Many Distinctive Faces of Leadership Inferring Leadership Domain from Facial Appearance
Nevertheless evidence suggests that in constrast to pharmacological interventions which are characterised by a relatively high relapse risk at  months of maintenance treatment  the effect of psychological interventions is wellmaintained in the longterm after end of treatment Intensive group cognitive therapy and individual cognitive therapy for social phobia sustained improvement at  year follow upThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Recently individually delivered psychological therapies were demonstrated to be more effective than drugs and selfhelp for adults with social anxiety disorder Psychological and pharmacological interventions for social anxiety disorder in adults a systematic review and network metaanalysisThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Drug acquisition costs and the GP unit cost were taken from national sources Unit costs of health social care  Canterbury Personal and Social Services Research UnitThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
They also incur considerable healthcare costs especially relating to the use of primary care services experience high levels of productivity losses and receive higher social benefits compared with people in the general population The economic consequences of social phobiaThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Active drug intervention costs including  GP visits ranged from  citalopram to  pregabalin  Table Psychological intervention costs were calculated by combining therapists time as described in the relevant source RCTs with respective national unit costs Unit costs of health social care  Canterbury Personal and Social Services Research UnitThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The firstyear probability of relapse after recovery with a drug was estimated using pooled data from  placebocontrolled pharmacological RCTs on relapse prevention in adults with social anxiety disorder Sertraline treatment of generalized social phobia a  week double blind placebo controlled study identified by a systematic literature search this probability was estimated to be higher that the pooled risk of relapse during maintenance treatment in RCT active drug arms but lower than the pooled risk of relapse of responders to initial drug treatment who were subsequently randomised to placebo thus not receiving maintenance treatment for simplicity and due to lack of more suitable data the first year probability of relapse for drugs was assumed to equal the midpoint of the two pooled risksThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The yearly cycles were considered appropriate and consistent with the slow chronic course of social anxiety disorder and the low rates of clinical changes in terms of recovery and relapse characterising the disorder Influence of psychiatric comorbidity on recovery and recurrence in generalized anxiety disorder social phobia and panic disorder a  year prospective study and were selected for convenience in terms of applying annual discounting of costs and benefitsThe time horizon of the analysis was the  weeks of initial treatment plus  years posttreatment comprising  year in the decisiontree and  yearly cycles in the Markov modelThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Comparison with other published studies in the field Published economic analyses have explored the costeffectiveness of a very limited range of interventions for social anxiety disorder and concluded that escitalopram  group CBT Clinical effectiveness and cost effectiveness of Internet vs group based cognitive behavior therapy for social anxiety disorder  year follow up of a randomized trial and computerbased selfhelp Clinical effectiveness and cost effectiveness of Internet vs group based cognitive behavior therapy for social anxiety disorder  year follow up of a randomized trial are costeffective optionsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Comparison with other published studies in the field Published economic analyses have explored the costeffectiveness of a very limited range of interventions for social anxiety disorder and concluded that escitalopram  group CBT Cost effectiveness of Internet based cognitive behavior therapy vs cognitive behavioral group therapy for social anxiety disorder results from a randomized controlled trial and computerbased selfhelp Cost effectiveness of Internet based cognitive behavior therapy vs cognitive behavioral group therapy for social anxiety disorder results from a randomized controlled trial are costeffective optionsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Comparison with other published studies in the field Published economic analyses have explored the costeffectiveness of a very limited range of interventions for social anxiety disorder and concluded that escitalopram  group CBT Cognitive Behavioral and Pharmacological Treatment for Social Phobia A Meta Analysis and computerbased selfhelp  are costeffective optionsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Comparison with other published studies in the field Published economic analyses have explored the costeffectiveness of a very limited range of interventions for social anxiety disorder and concluded that escitalopram Analysis of health related quality of life and costs based on a randomised clinical trial of escitalopram for relapse prevention in patients with generalised social anxiety disorder group CBT  and computerbased selfhelp  are costeffective optionsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The firstyear probability of relapse after recovery with a drug was estimated using pooled data from  placebocontrolled pharmacological RCTs on relapse prevention in adults with social anxiety disorder Efficacy of pregabalin in preventing relapse in patients with generalized social anxiety disorder results of a double blind placebo controlled  week study identified by a systematic literature search this probability was estimated to be higher that the pooled risk of relapse during maintenance treatment in RCT active drug arms but lower than the pooled risk of relapse of responders to initial drug treatment who were subsequently randomised to placebo thus not receiving maintenance treatment for simplicity and due to lack of more suitable data the first year probability of relapse for drugs was assumed to equal the midpoint of the two pooled risksThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The firstyear probability of relapse after recovery with a drug was estimated using pooled data from  placebocontrolled pharmacological RCTs on relapse prevention in adults with social anxiety disorder A  week randomized double blind placebo controlled study of escitalopram for the prevention of generalized social anxiety disorder identified by a systematic literature search this probability was estimated to be higher that the pooled risk of relapse during maintenance treatment in RCT active drug arms but lower than the pooled risk of relapse of responders to initial drug treatment who were subsequently randomised to placebo thus not receiving maintenance treatment for simplicity and due to lack of more suitable data the first year probability of relapse for drugs was assumed to equal the midpoint of the two pooled risksThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The firstyear probability of relapse after recovery with a drug was estimated using pooled data from  placebocontrolled pharmacological RCTs on relapse prevention in adults with social anxiety disorder Efficacy of paroxetine for relapse prevention in social anxiety disorder a  week study identified by a systematic literature search this probability was estimated to be higher that the pooled risk of relapse during maintenance treatment in RCT active drug arms but lower than the pooled risk of relapse of responders to initial drug treatment who were subsequently randomised to placebo thus not receiving maintenance treatment for simplicity and due to lack of more suitable data the first year probability of relapse for drugs was assumed to equal the midpoint of the two pooled risksThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The firstyear probability of relapse after recovery with a drug was estimated using pooled data from  placebocontrolled pharmacological RCTs on relapse prevention in adults with social anxiety disorder Response to paroxetine is maintained during continued treatment in patients with social anxiety disorder identified by a systematic literature search this probability was estimated to be higher that the pooled risk of relapse during maintenance treatment in RCT active drug arms but lower than the pooled risk of relapse of responders to initial drug treatment who were subsequently randomised to placebo thus not receiving maintenance treatment for simplicity and due to lack of more suitable data the first year probability of relapse for drugs was assumed to equal the midpoint of the two pooled risksThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Comparison with other published studies in the field Published economic analyses have explored the costeffectiveness of a very limited range of interventions for social anxiety disorder and concluded that escitalopram  group CBT  and computerbased selfhelp Shyness programme longer term benefits cost effectiveness and acceptability are costeffective optionsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
It has been shown that as the number of social fears increases so does health service utilisation Social phobia and number of social fears and their association with comorbidity health related quality of life and help seeking a populationbased studyThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
They also incur considerable healthcare costs especially relating to the use of primary care services experience high levels of productivity losses and receive higher social benefits compared with people in the general population The costs of social anxiety disorder the role of symptom severity and comorbiditiesThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
People with social anxiety disorder have difficulty forming and retaining personal and social relationships  have higher risk of leaving school early and obtaining poorer qualifications  experience impairment in their daily functioning including workschool performance and social life Functional impairment in social anxiety disorder and report an important reduction in their quality of life compared with people without the disorder The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
People with social anxiety disorder have difficulty forming and retaining personal and social relationships  have higher risk of leaving school early and obtaining poorer qualifications  experience impairment in their daily functioning including workschool performance and social life  and report an important reduction in their quality of life compared with people without the disorder Disability and quality of life in social phobia epidemiologic findingsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
They also incur considerable healthcare costs especially relating to the use of primary care services experience high levels of productivity losses and receive higher social benefits compared with people in the general population Economic costs of social phobia A population based studyThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Moreover the mean probabilities of relapse for drugs and psychological interventions estimated for the economic model  versus  respectively are similar to relapse rates reported in trials of these types of therapies for social anxiety disorder very close to respective relapse rates reported for people with obsessive compulsive disorder  versus  respectively  and broadly consistent with respective figures reported for panic disorder  versus  respectively A comparison of cognitive therapy applied relaxation and imipramine in the treatment of panic disorderThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Moreover the mean probabilities of relapse for drugs and psychological interventions estimated for the economic model  versus  respectively are similar to relapse rates reported in trials of these types of therapies for social anxiety disorder very close to respective relapse rates reported for people with obsessive compulsive disorder  versus  respectively Obsessive compulsive disorder an overview and broadly consistent with respective figures reported for panic disorder  versus  respectively The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Nevertheless evidence suggests that in constrast to pharmacological interventions which are characterised by a relatively high relapse risk at  months of maintenance treatment  the effect of psychological interventions is wellmaintained in the longterm after end of treatment Exposure therapy and sertraline in social phobia I year follow up of a randomised controlled trialThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
People with social anxiety disorder have difficulty forming and retaining personal and social relationships  have higher risk of leaving school early and obtaining poorer qualifications The impact of anxiety disorders on educational achievement experience impairment in their daily functioning including workschool performance and social life  and report an important reduction in their quality of life compared with people without the disorder The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
This methodology enabled us to consider information from both direct and indirect comparisons between interventions and allowed simultaneous inference on all treatment options examined in trial pairwise comparisons while preserving randomisation Combination of direct and indirect evidence in mixed treatment comparisonsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
 use an alternative set of utility scores based on EQD data  derived from a communitybased mental health European survey Disability and quality of life impact of mental disorders in Europe results from the European Study of the Epidemiology of Mental Disorders ESEMeD projectThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
This ensured that the full posterior distribution of the relative treatment effects was used to estimate the absolute probabilities of recovery for each treatment Evidence Synthesis for Decision Making  The Baseline Natural History ModelThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
This method of presenting uncertainty has advantages over confidence interval estimation for incremental costeffectiveness ratios in particular in comparisons of multiple competing interventions and presents uncertainty in a format that is more relevant to decision making Representing uncertainty the role of cost effectiveness acceptability curves The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Handling uncertaintyTo account for the uncertainty around the input parameter point estimates a probabilistic analysis was undertaken in which input parameters were assigned probabilistic distributions Decision Modelling for Health Economic Evaluation The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Annual health and personal social service costs associated with social anxiety disorder were taken from a published analysis  of service use data obtained from a British Psychiatric Morbidity Survey conducted in  OPCS surveys of psychiatric morbidity in great britain report  physical complaints service use and treatment of adults with psychiatric disorders London Office for National StatisticsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
 use of an alternative set of utility scores based on EQD data Computerised cognitive behaviour therapy for depression and anxiety update a systematic review and economic evaluation derived from a communitybased mental health European survey The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
IntroductionSocial anxiety disorder is one of the most persistent and common anxiety disorders with a lifetime prevalence estimated to range between  and  in Europe Size and burden of social phobia in EuropeThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The presence of comorbid psychiatric disorders increases usage of health services and productivity losses Several studies have assessed the clinical effectiveness of psychological and pharmacological treatments for social anxiety disorder Optimal treatment of social phobia systematic review and meta analysisThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
People with social anxiety disorder have difficulty forming and retaining personal and social relationships Psychiatric disorders and dissatisfaction with social relationships does type of relationship matter  have higher risk of leaving school early and obtaining poorer qualifications  experience impairment in their daily functioning including workschool performance and social life  and report an important reduction in their quality of life compared with people without the disorder The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Efficacy data were derived from a systematic literature review and NMA of randomised controlled trials RCTs of interventions for adults with social anxiety disorder  the NMA based on a random effects model Evidence synthesis for decision making  a generalized linear modeling framework for pairwise and network meta analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted within a Bayesian framework using Markov Chain Monte Carlo simulation techniques implemented in WinBUGS  The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Efficacy data were derived from a systematic literature review and NMA of randomised controlled trials RCTs of interventions for adults with social anxiety disorder  the NMA based on a random effects model  was conducted within a Bayesian framework using Markov Chain Monte Carlo simulation techniques implemented in WinBUGS  WinBUGS A Bayesian modelling framework Concepts structure and extensibilityThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Efficacy data were derived from a systematic literature review and NMA of randomised controlled trials RCTs of interventions for adults with social anxiety disorder  the NMA based on a random effects model  was conducted within a Bayesian framework using Markov Chain Monte Carlo simulation techniques implemented in WinBUGS  WinBUGS user manual version   Cambridge MRC Biostatistics UnitThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The logodds ratio of recovery was transformed into a notional SMD for recovery using the formula LOR Recovery   p ffi ffi  p SMD A simple method for converting an odds ratio to effect size for use in meta analysisThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Several studies have assessed the clinical effectiveness of psychological and pharmacological treatments for social anxiety disorder Meta analysis of randomized controlled comparisons of psychopharmacological and psychological treatments for anxiety disordersThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Several studies have assessed the clinical effectiveness of psychological and pharmacological treatments for social anxiety disorder Psychological treatment of social anxiety disorder a meta analysisThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Several studies have assessed the clinical effectiveness of psychological and pharmacological treatments for social anxiety disorder Pharmacotherapy for social anxiety disorder a systematic reviewThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
This methodology enabled us to consider information from both direct and indirect comparisons between interventions and allowed simultaneous inference on all treatment options examined in trial pairwise comparisons while preserving randomisation Simultaneous comparison of multiple treatments combining direct and indirect evidenceThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The latter was estimated from data derived from a small observational month followup study Cognitive behavioral group therapy versus phenelzine in social phobia long term outcome of responders in an RCT of phenelzine versus group CBT for social anxiety disorder  and was applied to all psychological interventions due to lack of interventionspecific relapse dataThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The latter was estimated from data derived from a small observational month followup study  of responders in an RCT of phenelzine versus group CBT for social anxiety disorder Cognitive behavioral group therapy vs phenelzine therapy for social phobia  week outcome and was applied to all psychological interventions due to lack of interventionspecific relapse dataThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Following a systematic literature search of utility data for social anxiety disorder the economic model was populated with utility scores obtained from a Finish national health survey Impact of psychiatric disorders on health related quality of life general population survey that reported EQD utility scores estimated using the UK Time TradeOff Tarrif  for people with social anxiety disorder and people with no mental disorder over the last  monthsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Following a systematic literature search of utility data for social anxiety disorder the economic model was populated with utility scores obtained from a Finish national health survey  that reported EQD utility scores estimated using the UK Time TradeOff Tarrif Modeling valuations for EuroQol health states for people with social anxiety disorder and people with no mental disorder over the last  monthsThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
The month prevalence of psychiatric disorders in survey participants was assesed using the Munich version of the Composite International Diagnostic Interview MCIDI Test retest reliability of the computerized DSM IV version of the Munich Composite International Diagnostic Interview M CIDI The Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Details on the rationale for the selection of appropriate interventions for consideration in the economic analysis are reported in the NICE full guideline report Anxiety Disorder recognition assessment and treatment of social anxiety disorder Commissioned by the National Institute for Health and Care ExcellenceThe Cost Effectiveness of Psychological and Pharmacological Interventions for Social Anxiety Disorder A ModelBased Economic Analysis
Synaptic dysfunction caused by aberrant protein synthesis is a key pathogenic mechanism for ASDs  Kelleher and Bear Making synaptic plasticity and memory last mechanisms of translational regulation and Klann Ebert and Greenberg Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Synaptic dysfunction caused by aberrant protein synthesis is a key pathogenic mechanism for ASDs  The autistic neuron troubled translation  and Bear Richter and Klann Ebert and Greenberg Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
The mammalian target of the rapamycin mTOR pathway plays central roles in synaptic protein synthesis  Hay and Sonenberg mTOR signaling at the crossroads of plasticity memory and disease and Klann Hershey et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
The mammalian target of the rapamycin mTOR pathway plays central roles in synaptic protein synthesis  Hay and Sonenberg Hoeffer and Klann Principles of translational control an overview et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Mutations in tuberous sclerosis complex TSC TSC neurofibromatosis  NF and Phosphatase and tensin homolog PTEN lead to syndromic ASD with tuberous sclerosis neurofibromatosis or macrocephaly respectively Kelleher and Bear Bourgeron Hoeffer and Klann Dysregulation of mTOR signaling in neuropsychiatric disorders therapeutic implications and Zukin Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Finally in view of the facts that genetic manipulation of NLGNs results in ASDlike phenotypes with altered EI balance in mouse models  Chubykin et al A neuroligin  mutation implicated in autism increases inhibitory synaptic transmission in mice et al Etherton et al  and NLGN mRNA translation is enhanced concomitant with increased EI ratio in Eifebp knockout mice Gkogkas et alReversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Notably one pioneering study has identified a mutation in the EIFE promoter in autism families Deregulation of EIFE a novel mechanism for autism et al  implying that deregulation of downstream mTOR signaling eIFE could be a novel mechanism for ASDsAs an eIFE repressor downstream of mTOR EBP has important roles in synaptic plasticity learning and memory  Banko et al Richter and Klann Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
A hyperactivated mTORCeIFE pathway is linked to impaired synaptic plasticity in fragile X syndrome an autistic disorder caused by lack of fragile X mental retardation protein FMRP due to mutation of the FMR gene  Wang et al Auerbach et al Molecular mechanisms of fragile X syndrome a twenty year perspective et al Wang et al  suggesting that downstream mTOR signaling might be causally linked to ASDsReversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Abbreviations Akt also known as PKB protein kinase B ASD autism spectrum disorder EBP eIFEbinding protein  EI excitationinhibiton ERK extracellular signal regulated kinase FMRP fragile X mental retardation protein MEK mitogenactivated proteinERK kinase mGluR metabotropic glutamate receptor mTOR mammalian target of rapamycin mTORC mTOR complex  NF neurofibromatosis  NLGN neuroligin NMDAR NMDA receptor PDK phosphoinositide dependent kinase PIK phosphoinositide kinase PTEN Phosphatase and tensin homolog Raptor regulatory associated protein of mTOR Rheb Ras homolog enriched in brain RYK receptorlike tyrosine kinase SK p ribosomal S kinase  TSC tuberous sclerosis complexASDs  Rubenstein and Merzenich Bourgeron Neuronal dynamics and neuropsychiatric disorders toward a translational paradigm for dysfunctional largescale networks and Singer Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Abbreviations Akt also known as PKB protein kinase B ASD autism spectrum disorder EBP eIFEbinding protein  EI excitationinhibiton ERK extracellular signal regulated kinase FMRP fragile X mental retardation protein MEK mitogenactivated proteinERK kinase mGluR metabotropic glutamate receptor mTOR mammalian target of rapamycin mTORC mTOR complex  NF neurofibromatosis  NLGN neuroligin NMDAR NMDA receptor PDK phosphoinositide dependent kinase PIK phosphoinositide kinase PTEN Phosphatase and tensin homolog Raptor regulatory associated protein of mTOR Rheb Ras homolog enriched in brain RYK receptorlike tyrosine kinase SK p ribosomal S kinase  TSC tuberous sclerosis complexASDs  Model of autism increased ratio of excitation inhibition in key neural systems and Merzenich Bourgeron Uhlhaas and Singer Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
The eIFE recognizes the  mRNA cap recruits eIFG and the small ribosomal subunit  Regulation of cap dependent translation by eIFE inhibitory proteins and Sonenberg Hershey et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
NLGN is predominantly postsynaptic at excitatory synapses and promotes excitatory synaptic transmission  Neuroligins determine synapse maturation and function et al Kwon et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
A hyperactivated mTORCeIFE pathway is linked to impaired synaptic plasticity in fragile X syndrome an autistic disorder caused by lack of fragile X mental retardation protein FMRP due to mutation of the FMR gene  New perspectives on the biology of fragile X syndrome et al Auerbach et al Santoro et al New perspectives on the biology of fragile X syndrome et al  suggesting that downstream mTOR signaling might be causally linked to ASDsReversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
NLGN is predominantly postsynaptic at excitatory synapses and promotes excitatory synaptic transmission  Varoqueaux et al Neuroligin  dependent competition regulates cortical synaptogenesis and synapse number et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Nature   Autism spectrum disorders ASDs are a group of clinically and genetically heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders characterized by impaired social interactions repetitive behaviors and restricted interests  Baird et al Synaptic dysfunction in neurodevelopmental disorders associated with autism and intellectual disabilities and Bear Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
The increased or decreased EI ratio has been observed in ASD animal models  Chao et al Bateup et al Pten knockdown in vivo increases excitatory drive onto dentate granule cells et al Schmeisser et al Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
Notably one pioneering study has identified a mutation in the EIFE promoter in autism families NevesPereira et al  implying that deregulation of downstream mTOR signaling eIFE could be a novel mechanism for ASDsAs an eIFE repressor downstream of mTOR EBP has important roles in synaptic plasticity learning and memory  The translation repressor E BP is critical for eIFF complex formation synaptic plasticity and memory in the hippocampus et al Richter and Klann Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling A commentary on Autismrelated deficits via dysregulated eIFEdependent translational control
It holds for any number of networks Network Competition and Entry Deterrence and Valletti  when call externalities are taken into account Berger  and when networks are asymmetric  Lpez and Rey Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Building on this result Using Bill and Keep Interconnect Arrangements to Soften Network Competition and King  show that firms strictly prefer below cost termination chargesMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
This concept was first proposed by Network Externalities Competition and Compatibility Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
It holds for any number of networks Calzada and Valletti  when call externalities are taken into account Bill and Keep vs Cost Based Access Pricing  and when networks are asymmetric  Lpez and Rey Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Network Competition II Price Discrimination Rey and Tirole b find that if firms set linear prices but can discriminate between onand offnet calls then above cost termination charges induce  In the initial stages of wireless telecommunication the most important regulatory issue was the fixedtomobile FTM termination rate ieMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Network Competition in Nonlinear Pricing  shows that when subscription demand is elastic a positive externality surcharge is typically welfare increasing but that firms would obtain higher profits from below cost termination chargesMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Mobile Termination and Mobile Penetration and Jeon  show that the result also holds when there are both direct network externalities ie elastic subscription demand as in Dessein  and tariffmediated network externalities ieMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
 Market structure in congestible markets and Mason  take the issue of expectations serious and point out that the results change dramatically if rationally responsive beliefs are used in their pricing gameMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
If  tends to  which amounts to say that callers and receivers obtain the same utility from a given call then the offnet price will tend to  resulting in connectivity breakdown as shown in On the Receiver Pays Principle et alMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
 Armstrong  and Network Competition I Overview and Nondiscriminatory Pricing Rey and Tirole a show that in a setting where firms set one linear price firms prefer to have above cost termination charges whereas total or consumer welfare maximizing termination charges are below costMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Examples of the latter include Crmer Rey and Tirole  Caillaud and Jullien  and Platform intermediation in a market for differentiated products and MoragaGonzlez Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
McAfee and Schwartz  also consider so called wary nonpassive beliefs Examples of the first include Katz and Shapiro  Competition for Deposits Fragility and Insurance and Vives  Economides b Lee and Mason  and Malueg and Schwartz Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
McAfee and Schwartz  also consider so called wary nonpassive beliefs Examples of the first include Katz and Shapiro  Matutes and Vives  Economides b Lee and Mason  and Compatibility Incentives of a Large Network Facing Multiple Rivals and Schwartz Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Opportunism in Multilateral Vertical Contracting Nondiscrimination Exclusivity and Uniformity  also consider so called wary nonpassive beliefs Examples of the first include Katz and Shapiro  Matutes and Vives  Economides b Lee and Mason  and Malueg and Schwartz Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Network Externalities and Long run Market Shares  consider myopic consumersMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Dynamic Pricing of Network Goods with Boundedly Rational Consumers and Sundararajan  allow for a mixture of forward looking and boundedly rational consumersMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Consumer surplus in the Logit model has been derived by Applied Welfare Economics with Discrete Choice Models and Rosen  as up to a constantCS   ln  k expw k   w    ln  where the righthand side follows from Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Armstrong and Wright     Jullien Rey andSandZantman    and Calling Clubs Network Competition with Non Uniform Calling Patterns have in common that they introduce additional realistic features of the telecommunication industry into the Laffont Rey and Tirole b framework and then show that for some parameter range joint profits are maximized at termination charges above costMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Finally Price competition in a differentiated products duopoly under network effects and Vettas  analyze price competition in a duopoly where products are both horizontally and vertically differentiated and exhibit positive productspecific network effectsMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
In May  it started a campaign Terminate the Rate to lower termination rates It is worth noting though that neither increasing the number of firms Tangers  nor allowing for heterogeneity of customers Dessein  and Network competition and interconnection with heterogeneous subscribers  suffices to overturn this resultbecomes larger and more of it will be internalizedMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
This occurs for example in the Matutes and Vives  model of depositors and is also  See Learning to be imperfect The ultimatum game Binmore and Samuelson Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
 For an excellent literature review on twoway access pricing we refer the reader to The Theory of Access Pricing and Interconnection Mobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Mobile Call Termination and Wright     Jullien Rey andSandZantman    andHoernig Inderst and   have in common that they introduce additional realistic features of the telecommunication industry into the Laffont Rey and Tirole b framework and then show that for some parameter range joint profits are maximized at termination charges above costMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Dynamic Pricing with Network Effects  Driskill  and Laussel and Resende  consider forward looking consumersMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Asymmetric Network Interconnection and Wright  show that in an asymmetric duopoly the large firm always strictly prefers termination charge at cost while the small firm prefers termination charge at cost only if the asymmetry is largeMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Dynamic Price Competition with Consumption Externalities  and Mitchell and Skrzypacz  consider myopic consumersMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
Cabral  Monopoly and Oligopoly Supply of a Good with Dynamic Network Externalities  and Laussel and Resende  consider forward looking consumersMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
 See section  in Coordination and Lock in Competition with Switching Costs and Network Effects and Klemperer  for an extensive discussion of the coordination problem in network industriesMobile Termination Network Externalities and Consumer Expectations
The possible impaired reliability for SED compared to other variables may be of critical importance given the increased interest in SED in the primary and secondary prevention of a range of chronic diseases as well as premature death Sedentary time in adults and the association with diabetes cardiovascular disease and death systematic review and meta analysisReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However estimates of how many days of monitoring that should be included to obtain a reliable result vary considerably between studies    and might also vary between outcome variables of interest Sources of variance in daily physical activity levels as measured by an accelerometerReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Additionally ICC is the variance partitioning of subjects to the total variance thus ICC is a relative and contextspecific estimate that depends on the heterogeneity of the sample Statistical methods for assessing agreement between two methods of clinical measurement Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Additionally ICC is the variance partitioning of subjects to the total variance thus ICC is a relative and contextspecific estimate that depends on the heterogeneity of the sample Quantifying test retest reliability using the intraclass correlation coefficient and the SEMReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However estimates of how many days of monitoring that should be included to obtain a reliable result vary considerably between studies    and might also vary between outcome variables of interest How many days of monitoring predict physical activity and sedentary behaviour in older adults Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
In adults  days of monitoring are normally considered appropriate which is in accordance with recommendations given Conducting accelerometer based activity assessments in field based researchReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Further we used variance partitioning obtained from a twoway mixed effect model reporting the ratio of weekweekend variance to the total variance weekweekend variancebetween subject variance  weekweekend variance  residual variance including wear time as a fixed effect Forming inferences about some intraclass correlation coefficientsReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
While several studies have found that  days are required  other studies have shown that  Intra individual variation and estimates of usual physical activity and  days are needed Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Thus besides the study of reliability of SED in older adults  to the best of our knowledge reliability of SED obtained by accelerometry have not been investigated in adults and should be prioritized Methods of measurement in epidemiology Sedentary behaviourReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement Sedentary behavior is not associated with cardiometabolic risk in adults with abdominal obesity with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement Objectively measured sedentary time physical activity and metabolic risk The Australian Diabetes Obesity and Lifestyle Study AusDiab  with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement Objective vs self reported physical activity and sedentary time Effects of measurement method on relationships with risk biomarkers with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Additionally ICC is the variance partitioning of subjects to the total variance thus ICC is a relative and contextspecific estimate that depends on the heterogeneity of the sample Measures of reliability in sports medicine and scienceReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement Physical activity versus sedentary behavior Associations with lipoprotein particle subclass concentrations in healthy adults with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement Associations of objectively measured sedentary behavior light activity and markers of cardiometabolic health in young women with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement  with some exceptions  day Sedentary activity associated with metabolic syndrome independent of physical activity  days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
While several studies have found that  days are required Reliability of RT accelerometers among overweight and obese adults other studies have shown that   and  days are needed Reliability of RT accelerometers among overweight and obese adultsReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Importantly whether PA is measured as a predictor x variable or an outcome y variable noise will hamper researchers ability to make valid causal inferences in PA epidemiology Random measurement error and regression dilution bias and possibly misinform the society regarding targets for public health managementReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
This clearly indicates that wear time should be considered a crucial variable in data reduction and analysis of accelerometer data which is consistent with findings of a recent study Impact of accelerometer wear time on physical activity data a NHANES semisimulation data approachReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
In all analyses consecutive periods of  minutes of zero counts allowing for  minutes of nonzero counts were defined as nonwear time Accelerometer test retest reliability by data processing algorithms Results from the Twin Cities Walking Study and excluded prior to scoringReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement  with some exceptions  day   days Objectively measured light intensity lifestyle activity and sedentary time are independently associated with metabolic syndrome a cross sectional study of Japanese adultsReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement  with some exceptions  day   days SenseWear determined physical activity and sedentary behavior and metabolic syndromeReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Inconsistent conclusions across studies might amongst other reasons arrive from unreliable measurements of SED as most of these studies have included  days of measurement ProActive Res G Physical activity and metabolic risk in individuals with a family history of type  diabetes with some exceptions  day   days Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Historically sedentary behavior SED was conceptualized as the lower end of the PA spectrum as opposed to moderateto vigorous PA MVPA but is now increasingly being viewed as a behavior distinct from PA defined as waking behavior characterized by an energy expenditure  metabolic equivalents METs Letter to the Editor Standardized use of the terms sedentary and sedentary behavioursReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However such study designs have received critique for possibly leaving to optimistic results and should be interpreted with caution How many days was that We re still not sure but we re asking the question better Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However such study designs have received critique for possibly leaving to optimistic results and should be interpreted with caution Best practices for using physical activity monitors in population based researchReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However such study designs have received critique for possibly leaving to optimistic results and should be interpreted with caution Applying generalizability theory to estimate habitual activity levelsReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
The possible impaired reliability for SED compared to other variables may be of critical importance given the increased interest in SED in the primary and secondary prevention of a range of chronic diseases as well as premature death Association of sedentary behaviour with metabolic syndrome A Meta AnalysisReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
The possible impaired reliability for SED compared to other variables may be of critical importance given the increased interest in SED in the primary and secondary prevention of a range of chronic diseases as well as premature death Sedentary behaviour and cardiovascular disease a review of prospective studiesReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Results were initially reported for overall PA level CPM as well as SED lt cpm light PA LPA  cpm MPA  cpm VPA  cpm and MVPA  cpm obtained from the vertical axis axis  Siega Riz AM Patterns of objectively measured physical activity in the United States as well as the vector magnitude VM CPMReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
While several studies have found that  days are required Variability of some objective measures of physical activity other studies have shown that   and  days are needed Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
While several studies have found that  days are required Application of generalizability theory to measurement of activity in males who are not regularly active A preliminary report other studies have shown that   and  days are needed Reliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
The current sample was a convenience sample exhibiting a higher activity level but with approximately similar heterogeneity as evaluated by SDs for the different outcome variables as compared to population estimates for the corresponding age group Accelerometer determined physical activity in adults and older peopleReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
The current sample was a convenience sample exhibiting a higher activity level but with approximately similar heterogeneity as evaluated by SDs for the different outcome variables as compared to population estimates for the corresponding age group Physical activity in the United States measured by accelerometerReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
However the number of observations left for analyses declined with increased wear time criteria as shown previously Quality control and data reduction procedures for accelerometry derived measures of physical activityReliability of Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Physical Activity in Adults
Building operations management theory through case and field research  argues that case study is a powerful approach for building theories in comparison to rationalist approach which is sometimes referred to as traditionalist or quantitative researchGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
After we had checked the assumptions we used CFA to establish convergent validity and discriminant validity Evaluating Structural Equation Models with Unobservable Variables and Measurement Error and Larcker Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The questions of what how and why may either be obtained from literature using past theories or models already validated by other researchers or may be explored using grounded theory Basics of qualitative research Grounded theory procedures and techniques and Corbin Binder and Edwards Soltani et al  in areas where adequate conclusive literature is not availableGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The recent research indicates that interface with customers provides valuable input which helps to implement GSCM in an organization  Managing time and complexity in supply chains two cases from the textile industry et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Each construct was operationalized using at least two items for measurement and analysed using confirmatory factor analysis  Multivariate Data Analysis et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The majority of these GSCM studies however use either quantitative approaches and methodologies by collecting and analysing large samples and testing hypotheses and models or qualitative case studies following grounded theory inspired approaches Binder and Edwards Qualitative middle range research in operations management The need for theorydriven empirical inquiry et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
 highlighting the role of GSCM in achieving sustainability  Supply chain drivers that foster the development of green initiatives in an emerging economy et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The importance of top management beliefs practices and commitment has been hence highlighted in the literature  Abdulrahman et al Bag and Anand Green Human Resource Management and Green Supply Chain Management linking two emerging agendas Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
IntroductionThere is growing trend among the companies to link green practices with their corporate strategies see Gunasekaran and Gallear An organizational theoretic review of green supply chain management literature et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Top management commitment TMC Top management commitment is vital to organizations and supply chain partners aiming to implement green and sustainable practices  Assimilation of enterprise systems the effect of institutional pressures and the mediating role of top management et al Gattiker and Carter Foerstl et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Green manufacturing or more precisely the green supply chain has attracted interest among management researchers environmentalists and practitioners in the last decade Sustainable of manufacturing services Investigation for research and applications and Spalanzani Brockhaus et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Other scholars claim that the current literature in the field of operations and supply chain management has extensively used deductive big data empirical research Special Topic Forum on Theory Building Surrounding Sustainable Supply Chain Management and Krause Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Top management commitment TMC Top management commitment is vital to organizations and supply chain partners aiming to implement green and sustainable practices  Liang et al Understanding project champion s ability to gain intraorganizational commitment for environmental projects and Carter Foerstl et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Inter firm collaborations on carbon emission reduction within industrial chains in China Practices drivers and effects on firms performances and Wang  have looked into carbon emission reduction CER within industrial chains and have identified the lack of infrastructure as the main barrier that negatively influences interfirm collaborations for CERGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Any attempt to build theory needs to answer fundamental questions Sushil What Constitutes a Theoretical Contribution  related to what how and why What Constitutes a Theoretical Contribution Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Covariance versus Component based Estimates of Performance in Green Supply Chain Management Hollos et al  Gimenez et alPaulraj and de Jong Awaysheh and Klassen  looking at for instance the effect of internal or external environmental practices on the triple bottom line Covariance versus Component based Estimates of Performance in Green Supply Chain Management  and economic performance or the role of supplier collaboration in sustainable performance  Hollos et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Top management commitment TMC Top management commitment is vital to organizations and supply chain partners aiming to implement green and sustainable practices  Liang et al Gattiker and Carter Drivers of supplier sustainability Moving beyond compliance to commitment et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The items were derived from existing literature  Relationships between operational practices and performance among early adopters of green supply chain management practices in Chinese manufacturing enterprises and Sarkis Wagner and Schaltegger Schoenherr Zhang and Wang Dubey et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
 and subsequent studies  Information systems strategy Past present future  et al  in that we conducted a manual scan and analysis of all the abstracts and a selection of the highly cited and review papersGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Building a more complete theory of sustainable supply chain management using case studies of  exemplars and Wu  have used  cases to build comprehensive theoryGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
In this way we have derived a testable conceptual frameworkWe argue that our present conceptual framework is grounded in three core principles Supply chain design issues challenges frameworks and solutions et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
We collected data electronically using the splitsurvey method  Common Method Biases in Behavioral Research A Critical Review of the Literature and Recommended Remedies et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
These criticisms have stemmed mainly from scholars who are not familiar with qualitative methods Bitektine Applications of empirical science in manufacturing and service operations Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
 Conducting a literature review and Slack  and were inspired by other prominent scholars  Burgess et al Cousins et al  that have been used in recent reviews by Chen et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Literature ReviewWe conducted our systematic literature review SLR to identify the key enablers of GSCM and their interrelationships following the principles set out by Towards a methodology for developing evidenceinformed management knowledge by means of a systematic review et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The items were derived from existing literature  Zhu and Sarkis Wagner and Schaltegger The role of environmental management in sustainable business development a multi country investigation Zhang and Wang Dubey et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
On Developing Cleaner Organic Unit Processes and Howell  argued the importance of use of green technology or environmentallyfriendly technology to reduce the negative impacts of industrial waste on the planetGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Mandal and Deshmukh Modeling the enablers of Six Sigma using interpreting structural modeling et al Ali and Govindan Sushil  have outlined two limitations of ISM that is it usually involves a small sample size which may not be enough for statistical reasons and manager bias may influence the final ISM modelGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Vendor selection using interpretive structural modeling ISM  and Deshmukh Soti et al Ali and Govindan Sushil  have outlined two limitations of ISM that is it usually involves a small sample size which may not be enough for statistical reasons and manager bias may influence the final ISM modelGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Realising the need to incorporate sustainability and the triple bottom line Kleindorfer et al  as part of their strategic intent companies focus on assessing the economic environmental and social impact of their activities and highlighting the relationship between sustainability and performance  Leppelt et al Green et al Burritt and Schaltegger Cleaner supply chain management practices for twenty first century organizational competitiveness Practice performance framework and research propositions and Gunasekaran Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The items were derived from existing literature  Zhu and Sarkis The Effect of Corporate Strategy Choice and Environmental Performance on Competitiveness and Economic Performance An Empirical Study of EU Manufacturing and Schaltegger Schoenherr Zhang and Wang Dubey et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
We modified the existing constructs  Shadows and Lights of GSCM Green Supply Chain Management Determinants and Effects of these Practices Based on a Multinational Study and Iraldo Hoof and Lyon Dubey et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
The importance of top management beliefs practices and commitment has been hence highlighted in the literature  Critical barriers in implementing reverse logistics in the Chinese manufacturing sectors et al Bag and Anand Jabbour and Jabbour Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
There is a rich body of literature on enablers of GSCM implementation and their interrelationships Ali and Govindan Large and Thomsen An ISM approach for the barrier analysis in implementing green supply chain management et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Giovanni Does sustainable supplier cooperation affect performance Examining implications for the triple bottom line et al  Gimenez et alPaulraj and de Jong Awaysheh and Klassen  looking at for instance the effect of internal or external environmental practices on the triple bottom line Giovanni  and economic performance Giovanni and Vinzi  or the role of supplier collaboration in sustainable performance  Does sustainable supplier cooperation affect performance Examining implications for the triple bottom line et al Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
SLR is a quite popular methodology in medical science however in recent years it has seen significant growth in management fields  The servitization of manufacturing et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Realising the need to incorporate sustainability and the triple bottom line Kleindorfer et al  as part of their strategic intent companies focus on assessing the economic environmental and social impact of their activities and highlighting the relationship between sustainability and performance  Leppelt et al Green supply chain management practices impact on performance Supply Chain Management et al Burritt and Schaltegger Subramanian and Gunasekaran Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Alternative Ways of Seeking Knowledge in Consumer Research and Ozanne  suggest that although research paradigm incommensurability exists it does not imply that the two approaches cannot peacefully coexist or that other middleground approaches cannot or should not be developed pGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Firms that engage in establishing strong relationships with suppliers enjoy superior performance Giannakis Reuter et al Extending sustainability to suppliers a systematic literature review Supply Chain Management and Tachizawa Burritt and Schaltegger Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Firms that engage in establishing strong relationships with suppliers enjoy superior performance Performance measurement of supplier relationships Supply Chain Management Reuter et al Gimenez and Tachizawa Burritt and Schaltegger Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
In recent years the use of the case study approach has attracted interest in the operations and supply chain management community  Renaissance of case research as a scientific method and Choi Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Our hypotheses were all supported in particular our study highlights the importance of institutional pressures  Strategic Structural Contingency and Institutional Explanations in the Adoption of Innovative Manufacturing Practices and Schroeder Ketchen and Hult Liu et al Sarkis et al Bhakoo and Choi Kauppi Dubey et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
In a recent study Sector diversity in Green Information Technology practices Technology Acceptance Model perspective and Mishra  discuss the diversity between public and private sectors in GTA using the technology acceptance modelGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
There is a rich body of literature on enablers of GSCM implementation and their interrelationships Ali and Govindan Drivers of green supply management performance Evidence from Germany and Thomsen Mathiyazhagan et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Realising the need to incorporate sustainability and the triple bottom line Kleindorfer et al  as part of their strategic intent companies focus on assessing the economic environmental and social impact of their activities and highlighting the relationship between sustainability and performance  Sustainability management beyond organizational boundaries sustainable supplier relationship management in the chemical industry et al Green et al Burritt and Schaltegger Subramanian and Gunasekaran Green Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
There is growing trend among the companies to link green practices with their corporate strategies see Special Issue on Sustainable development of manufacturing and services and Gallear Sarkis et alGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Armstrong and Overton Measuring Nonresponse Bias in Customer Service Mail Surveys and Harrington Chen and Paulraj  the final sample was ranked according to the date each response was received and split into equally sized groupsGreen Supply Chain Management Enablers Mixed Methods Research
Ethical boundary work in the infertility clinic have underscored the routine engagement with ethical issues that constitutes clinical practice within the infertility clinicFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
What is perhaps different in STS is its predominant emphasis on the use of case studies to produce theory rather than testing theory using cases however this is perhaps a difference in perspective and approach rather than an indication of sharp boundaries between STS and for instance anthropology and sociology On sociology and STSFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As anthropologist  The coproduction of moral discourse in U S Community psychiatry has demonstrated for instance professional ethics and moral discourse intertwine in US psychiatry sedimenting within clinical work transforming practice and being reshaped in the processFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
In turn articulations of benefit itself come to be a function of the nature of disease as mediated and understood through biomedical technique The body multiple Ontology in medical practiceFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As bioethicists A strategy to improve priority setting in health care institutions point out priority setting in medicine must include some form of descriptive analysis and empirical STS research can help to create a new vantage point from which the use of resources can be viewedFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
These translations rely not solely on particular perceptions of the technology but also ideas and assumptions about society and sociolegal processes that may be questionableyet which nevertheless can become reified through performance Connecting neuroscience and law Anticipatory discourse and the role of sociotechnical imaginariesFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance When experiments travel Clinical trials and the global search for human subjectss work on the outsourcing of clinical trials to middle and low income countries has revealed a range of problematic developments including biased trial designs that ensure drugs look safer and more efficacious and proceduralism in ethical review and administration that can hide contextual uncertainties  From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Particular foci of work in this vein are explorations of the place role and impact of public bioethics in policy and biomedicine Public bioethics and public engagement The politics of proper talk and examinations of the mutual reinforcementand perhaps coproductionof social and epistemic innovation in regards to controversial andor promissory technoscience From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As Melissa The lying brain Lie detection in science and science fiction  has documented MRI has left the hospitals and laboratories where it is more commonly located and can now be found in the courtsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance STS indictments of bioethics that it is too close to science recall some internal critiques including those from feminist bioethicists who have sought especially deep critical engagement with biomedical institutions and practices Feminist bioethics and psychiatry and bioethical scholarship itself From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
In so doing opportunities for more democratic forms of bioethical deliberation are also restricted Research engagement and public bioethics promoting socially robust scienceFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Within the clinic neurological explanations for opaque conditions can sometimes have traction as a framework through which to deal with the uncertainties associated with them Promising therapies Neuroscience clinical practice and the treatment of psychopathyFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Yet often an expertlay divide is perpetuated which closes down opportunities for more reflexive debate Shifting subject positions Experts and lay people in public dialogueFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As the socalled Science Wars of the  s might remind us  influential individuals do not always take kindly to having the black box Opening black boxes Science technology and society of their work unpacked and its contents inspectedFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As STS scholars have shown publics can be both knowledgeable about biomedicine and willing to engage in sustained debate and analysis about issues that bioethicists are grappling with Debating human genetics Contemporary issues in public policy and ethics limiting participation is thus unfortunate not only for democractic reasons but also because potentially useful contributions from those outside the academiy remain unheardFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance STS indictments of bioethics that it is too close to science recall some internal critiques including those from feminist bioethicists who have sought especially deep critical engagement with biomedical institutions and practices  and bioethical scholarship itself What feminism can do for bioethicsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance STS indictments of bioethics that it is too close to science recall some internal critiques including those from feminist bioethicists who have sought especially deep critical engagement with biomedical institutions and practices  and bioethical scholarship itself The concept of a feminist bioethicsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance STS indictments of bioethics that it is too close to science recall some internal critiques including those from feminist bioethicists who have sought especially deep critical engagement with biomedical institutions and practices Feminism and public health ethics and bioethical scholarship itself From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance STS indictments of bioethics that it is too close to science recall some internal critiques including those from feminist bioethicists who have sought especially deep critical engagement with biomedical institutions and practices Feminism law and bioethics and bioethical scholarship itself From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Expanding the Bioethical GazeThe considerations of agency and autonomy that are so central to ethical appraisals of biomedical technologies are likewise key issues in relation to psychopharmaceuticals Will the real boy please behave Dosing dilemmas for parents of boys with ADHDFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Rather as Abadie  starkly illustrates participation in trials in the US can likewise involve what Cryptic coercion  might call cryptic coercionas well as more overt formsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Within this field the collection of spare embryos is central to research yet the construal of an embryo as spare must be achieved through careful ethical argumentation and deliberation which is itself experimental Unpacking the spare embryo Facilitating stem cell research in a moral landscapeFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As pointed out by  Varieties of goodness in high tech home care a medical ethicist with an STSorientation the introduction of novel technologies helps to constitute new kinds of caring practiceFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Several other terms and phrases used in STS that a range of practitioners from other disciplines may be familiar with also have specific meanings when deployed within the fields specialist journals Why moral philosophers are not and should not be moral experts From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As the socalled Science Wars of the  s might remind us A nice derangement of epistemes Post positivist in the study of science from Quine to Latour influential individuals do not always take kindly to having the black box  of their work unpacked and its contents inspectedFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As STS scholars have shown publics can be both knowledgeable about biomedicine and willing to engage in sustained debate and analysis about issues that bioethicists are grappling with Drawing the line An analysis of lay people s discussions about the new genetics limiting participation is thus unfortunate not only for democractic reasons but also because potentially useful contributions from those outside the academiy remain unheardFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Moreover the attention of STS researchers to bioethics can to an extent be viewed as symptomatic of a wider debate within the social sciences about ethics regulation see The ethical case against ethical regulation in humanities and social science researchFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For instance visualisation technologies like positron emission tomography PET can support new explicitly brainbased notions of subjective distress that have had evident effects on activism and public health campaigns Picturing personhood Brain scans and biomedical identityFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
As Pharmaceutical self The global shaping of experience in an age of psychopharmacology  vividly shows drugs like antidepressants have sociotopic as well as psychotropic effects their use reshapes the spaces within which individuals deemed pathological are allowed to inhabit or enabled to useFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
This has long been a concern of STS scholars who have shown extensively how scientists have views on the impact of their research on wider society but nevertheless seek to demarcate these from their professional work The meanings of science Conversations with geneticistsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Within this field the collection of spare embryos is central to research yet the construal of an embryo as spare must be achieved through careful ethical argumentation and deliberation which is itself experimental Fresh or frozen Classifying spare embryos for donation to human embryonic stem cell researchFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Expanding the Bioethical GazeThe considerations of agency and autonomy that are so central to ethical appraisals of biomedical technologies are likewise key issues in relation to psychopharmaceuticals Better than well American medicine meets the American dreamFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Here the reciprocal formation of neuroscience and neuroethics is a salient case in point Field of dreams A social history of neuroethicsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Moreover the attention of STS researchers to bioethics can to an extent be viewed as symptomatic of a wider debate within the social sciences about ethics regulation see Against the ethicists On the evils of ethical regulationFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Indeed ethical issues may play a key role in the implementation of new technologies within the clinic Context ethics and pharmacogeneticsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Particular foci of work in this vein are explorations of the place role and impact of public bioethics in policy and biomedicine  and examinations of the mutual reinforcementand perhaps coproductionof social and epistemic innovation in regards to controversial andor promissory technoscience The drugs don t work Expectations and the social shaping of pharmacogeneticsFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Science and technology studies STS is one such tradition that is articulating with bioethics though sometimes fractiously Ethics wars Reflections on the antagonism between bioethicists and social science observers of biomedicineFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
For example Tradable body parts How bone and recycled prosthetic devices acquire a price without forming a market has shown how moral qualms around trade in human body parts are managed through systems of compensation which ascribe value to biomaterials without the formation of markets and Frith et alFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
This is reflected in and further stimulated by recent moves towards empirical bioethics Encounters with experience Empirical bioethics and the futureFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Psychopharmaceuticals themselves are circulating globally and being positioned not just as remedies for previously unrecognised psychic ailments but also as tools to fix economic concerns such as presenteeism Pharmaceutical self The global shaping of experience in an age of psychopharmacologyFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Casting New LightIn regards to the former methods of visualising the interior of the bodysuch as magnetic resonance imaging MRIhave been shown to be ascribed an authority which encourages their use even when they are costly and do not demonstrate clear therapeutic benefit Magnetic appeal MRI and the myth of transparencyFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Particular foci of work in this vein are explorations of the place role and impact of public bioethics in policy and biomedicine Public bioethics and publics Consensus boundaries and participation in biomedical science policy and examinations of the mutual reinforcementand perhaps coproductionof social and epistemic innovation in regards to controversial andor promissory technoscience From Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Science and technology studies STS is one such tradition that is articulating with bioethics though sometimes fractiously Social science and bioethics The way forwardFrom Implications to Dimensions Science Medicine and Ethics in Society
Secondly these massive stars affect the overall evolution and properties of the galaxies themselves through three feedback mechanisms see eg Massive Stars From Pop III and GRBs to the Milk y Way amp Clarke Massive Stars in the Galaxies of the Local Group
Fixation rates also depend on the successional age of boreal forests via differences in environmental moisture nutrition and possible other factors Ecosystem feedbacks and nitrogen fixation in boreal forests Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Indeed bryophytes and lichens are of particular importance in cold biomes such as the Arctic tundra The role of bryophytes and lichens in polar ecosystems  where they are key contributors to green biomass and control soil hydrology temperatures and chemistry Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Since nitrogen is a principal limiting environmental factor for plant growth and soil organic matter turnover in polar regions Longton  and biological nitrogen fixation there occurs mostly in cyanobacteria  Nitrogen fixation in Arctic vegetation and soils from Svalbard et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
A great deal of variation in nitrogen fixation of cyanobacterial bryophytes has been attributed to abiotic factors The influence of abiotic factors on biological nitrogen fixation in different types of vegetation in the High Arctic et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
In lichens cyanobacteria are a symbiont which provide their fungal partner with nitrogen from fixed atmospheric N  in exchange for physical protection andin the case of tripartite lichensfrom carbohydrates in the fungi Nitrogen its metabolism and potential contribution to ecosystems Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
All vials were placed randomly on three trays representing statistical blocks Experimental design and data analysis for biologists and Keough  which corresponded to the three valleys the samples had been collected fromIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
It is interesting to note that the two lichen species showed also correspondingly to their individual fixation rates the highest tissue Ncontent which can be a result of intense incorporation of ammonium derived from cyanobacteria by the mycobiont Nitrogen metabolism In Galun M ed Handbook of lichenology Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Theoretical stoichiometric ratio of ethylene to nitrogen  is rarely attained and must always be corrected by parallel uptake of labelled  N  for each organism and possibly location Basilier The assessment of nitrogen fixation and throughput by lichens  The use of a controlled environment chamber to relate acetylene reduction estimates to nitrogen fixation Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Liverworts are known for rich composition of secondary compounds Asakawa Asakawa  Chemical constituents and biochemistry  many of which exhibit antimicrobial properties Asakawa Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Moss was cut out to a depth of  cm below the surface and thus potentially included old litter material which might be enriched with the heavier nitrogen isotope as a result of discrimination during litter decomposition   N natural abundances and N use by tundra plants et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Even though extensive information is available on cyanobacteriaplant symbioses including therein liverworts and hornworts Cyanobacteriumplant symbioses et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
A study by Nitrogen metabolism in lichens  Nitrogenase activity and heterocyst frequency in lichens with blue green phycobionts  reports for Peltigera aphthosa and Nephroma arcticum  and  heterocyst frequencies respectively whereas in bipartite cyanolichens heterocysts form on average  of the total algal cell populationIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
The technique described in detail by Associations between arctic cyanobacteria and mosses et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Experimental longterm increase in UVB radiation simulating atmospheric ozone depletion reduces N  fixation activity in Arctic mosses but does not affect it in subArctic ones  Effects of enhanced UV B radiation on nitrogen fixation in arctic ecosystems et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
IntroductionThrough the quantification of interspecific variation in plant functional traits comparative plant ecology has gained momentum in explaining species distributions tradeoffs in biochemistry and physiology as well as wholeecosystem processes Land plant ecology on the basis of functional traits and Wright Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Liverworts are known for rich composition of secondary compounds Chemical constituents of the bryophytes  Mues  many of which exhibit antimicrobial propertiesIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
For lichens ovendry weight of individual thalli was expressed per unit surface area of fully expanded thalli thallus specific weight as in Growth in two foliose tripartite lichens Nephroma arcticum and Peltigera aphthosa empirical modelling of external vs internal factors and Palmqvist Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
In comparison atmospheric deposition levels of nitrate NO y  and ammonia NH x  as reported in a survey by the Swedish Environmental Research Institute are less than  g N m  yr  for the region of North Sweden Does atmospheric deposition of nitrogen threaten Swedish forests  and Hogberg Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Theoretical stoichiometric ratio of ethylene to nitrogen  is rarely attained and must always be corrected by parallel uptake of labelled  N  for each organism and possibly location Fixation and uptake of nitrogen in sphagnum blue green algal associations Millbank Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
In contrast to the effort put into developing extensive international methodological protocols and databases for quantitative analysis of vascular plant traits  A handbook of protocols for standardised and easy measurement of plant functional traits worldwide et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Indeed bryophytes and lichens are of particular importance in cold biomes such as the Arctic tundra Longton  where they are key contributors to green biomass and control soil hydrology temperatures and chemistry Comparative cryptogam ecology a review of bryophyte and lichen traits that drive biogeochemistry et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
These data together ascertain the significance of biological N  fixation to the Nlimited vegetation in the Subarctic  Discovering role of lichens in nitrogen cycle in boreal arctic ecosystems and Kershaw In conclusion our multispecies comparison of N  fixation rates of cryptogams both under standardised conditions and in situ applying a direct nitrogen detection method has provided strong evidence for differential nitrogen input by cryptogam taxa in the Subarctic and substantiates their importance to the nitrogen economy of these cold biomesIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
One aspect of the latter is their ability to form symbiotic relationships with cyanobacteria A new nitrogen fixing cyanophyte hepatic association Nostoc and Porella and Chatfield During and Van Tooren  Henriksson et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Even the widely applied technique for measuring N  fixation rates by means of acetylene reduction capacity provides idiosyncratic data unless calibrated for each analysis by means of  N  labelled gas  Quantifying nitrogen fixation in feather moss carpets of boreal forestsIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
Most bryophytes have a high water retention capacity and thus provide a stable and favourable habitat for cyanobacterial growth and N  fixation activity Constraints to nitrogen fixation by cryptogamic crusts in a polar desert ecosystem Isotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
One aspect of the latter is their ability to form symbiotic relationships with cyanobacteria Dalton and Chatfield During and Van Tooren  Biological dinitrogen fixation acetylene reduction exhibited by blue green algae cyanobacteria in association with mosses gathered on Surtsey et alIsotopic analysis of cyanobacterial nitrogen fixation associated with subarctic lichen and bryophyte species
All models were fitted using INLA  and to compare results a subset also with R package MCMCglmm MCMC Methods for Multi response Generalized Linear Mixed Models The MCMCglmm R Package there were no relevant differences in resultsIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
I provide next a brief review of the main methods including recent developments but see more extensive reviews in Cumulative disease progression models for cross sectional data A review and comparisonIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
For example in colorectal cancer APC mutations are an early event that precedes mutations in KRAS The Temporal Order of Genetic and Pathway Alterations in TumorigenesisIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
The oncogenetic tree OT model  was introduced as an extension of the linear path model Inferring tree models for oncogenesis from comparative genome hybridization data in OTs progression starts from a common nonaltered root and branches out so that there are several mutational pathways that can be observed simultaneouslyIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Accurate reconstruction of the temporal order of mutations in neoplastic progression referring to oncogenetic tree modelsIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Longitudinal data would be better suited for this problem but it is much harder to obtain and crosssectional data is and will remain the main source of data eg the growing number of genomes available through international sequencing projects for addressing these and similar problems Learning oncogenetic networks by reducing to mixed integer linear programmingIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Virtually all papers that try to infer order restrictions including methodological papers rely on simple frequencybased selection or filtering procedures to select which genes to use Quantifying cancer progression with conjunctive Bayesian networks but the effects of these filtering approaches on the performance of the methods to infer order restrictions are completely unknownSecond attention to sampling decisions is largely missing from the literatureIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Virtually all papers that try to infer order restrictions including methodological papers rely on simple frequencybased selection or filtering procedures to select which genes to use Oncogenetic trees but the effects of these filtering approaches on the performance of the methods to infer order restrictions are completely unknownSecond attention to sampling decisions is largely missing from the literatureIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Understanding the restrictions in the temporal order of accumulation of driver mutations not only provides insights into cancer biology but can help identify early markers of disease as well as therapeutic targets A mathematical methodology for determining the temporal order of pathway alterations arising during gliomagenesis and can be an instrumental tool in the search for the Achilles Heel of oncogene addiction Identifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
I provide next a brief review of the main methods including recent developments but see more extensive reviews in Graph Models of Oncogenesis with an Application to MelanomaIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Understanding the restrictions in the temporal order of accumulation of driver mutations not only provides insights into cancer biology but can help identify early markers of disease as well as therapeutic targets A mathematical framework to determine the temporal sequence of somatic genetic events in cancer and can be an instrumental tool in the search for the Achilles Heel of oncogene addiction Identifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Two of the models used called here Accumulation of driver and passenger mutations during tumor progression as it is based on  and exp have no density dependence and lead to exponential growthIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
The second set of models called McF and McF are based on Impact of deleterious passenger mutations on cancer progression et als work Impact of deleterious passenger mutations on cancer progression and lead to logisticlike behavior as death rate depends on total population sizeIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Less restrictive models for tumor progression were suggested early on including general Markov models and Bayesian Networks which allow for mutations to occur even if no other aberrations have occurred New probabilistic network models and algorithms for oncogenesisIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Mixtures of OTs A global structural EM algorithm for a model of cancer progression and mixtures of Hiddenvariable OTs  are a further generalization of OTs where disease progression is modeled allowing for different order restrictions in different subsets of individuals each one modeled as a Hiddenvariable OTIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Another early model are distancebased trees Maximum likelihood estimation of oncogenetic tree models but their meaning is rather different since the observed mutations are only placed in the leaves or terminal nodes of the tree and the internal nodes are unobserved and unknown events which precludes an interpretation in terms of order restrictions like mutation A is required for mutation BIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Virtually all papers that try to infer order restrictions including methodological papers rely on simple frequencybased selection or filtering procedures to select which genes to use Efficient sampling for Bayesian inference of conjunctive Bayesian networks but the effects of these filtering approaches on the performance of the methods to infer order restrictions are completely unknownSecond attention to sampling decisions is largely missing from the literatureIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Passenger mutations can show a nonnegligible frequency because they hitchhike on drivers Clonal evolution in cancerIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
What about mutations in driver genes that do not have their dependencies satisfied Enforcing monotonicity is equivalent to considering such a mutation as a mutation in an essential housekeeping gene which can be modeled setting s h  in the notation of Modelling the evolution of genetic instability during tumour progression to  so fitness of such clones is zeroIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Note that the implementations I used to infer CBN and OT incorporate errors  and the OT model explicitly allows for errors due to the occurrence of genetic events outside the model implied by the graph of the oncogenetic model Estimating an oncogenetic tree when false negatives and positives are presentIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
BackgroundCancer progression is caused by the sequential accumulation of somatic mutations including changes in copy number structural variants single nucleotides SNP variants and DNA methylation patterns during the life of an individual Cancer as an evolutionary and ecological processIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Of particular interest is monotonicity a mutation in a driver gene can only be observed if the preceding parent mutations in the graph have occurred because deviations from it can easily arise when a mutation behaves as a driver or as a passenger depending on the genetic context ie depending on which other genes are mutated Intratumor heterogeneity seeing the wood for the treesIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Conjunctive Bayesian Networks CBNs Conjunctive Bayesian networks were developed as a generalization of OTs these are graphs where the occurrence of a mutation can depend on the occurrence of two or more parents ie a conjunctionIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Background Cancer progression is caused by the sequential accumulation of somatic mutations including changes in copy number structural variants single nucleotides SNP variants and DNA methylation patterns during the life of an individual Oncogene addictionIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
It is worth emphasizing the crucial role of the availability of free and open source software both in the growth and development of bioinformatics and computational biology  and for implementing reproducible research Reproducible Research in Computational ScienceIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Moreover the lack of public implementations precludes comparison of otherwise promising approaches which ultimately hurts practitioners Novel algorithms and the benefits of comparative validationIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
The other three are measures of classification or diagnostic performance common in medical testing and machine learning The relationship between Precision Recall and ROC curves that focus on the fractions or proportions across specific rows or columns of the confusion matrix where entries in that matrix are commonly called true positives false positives false negatives and true negativesIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Best method and filtering multiple comparisons with the best MCBTo identify the best Method or Method by Filtering combination I have used the procedure of multiple comparisons with the best MCB Multiple Comparisons where in our case best is smaller for all four performance measuresIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
There is a rich literature about tumor progression models that focuses on the consequences of drivers passengers and variation in selection pressures Evolutionary dynamics of tumor progression with random fitness values and a largely separate body of work  that deals with understanding the restrictions and order of accumulation of mutations but see  for a connection between the  i of CBNs and selection coefficients in the context of the FisherWright model of tumor progression in Identifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
The results of Stability analysis of mixtures of mutagenetic trees of course highlight that if different subjects have different sets of order restrictions then no single OT will capture these patterns a limitation that is already recognized in the early literature on ongenetic trees  and that has prompted the development of mixtures of oncogenetic trees Identifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Thus it probably pays off to try to use other approaches that incorporate information about nonsilent mutation rates pathway information together with combinatorial properties of drivers in pathwayws or functional consequences of mutations to differentiate drivers from passengers Identifying cancer driver genes in tumor genome sequencing studiesIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Thus it probably pays off to try to use other approaches that incorporate information about nonsilent mutation rates pathway information together with combinatorial properties of drivers in pathwayws or functional consequences of mutations to differentiate drivers from passengers De novo discovery of mutated driver pathways in cancerIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Thus it probably pays off to try to use other approaches that incorporate information about nonsilent mutation rates pathway information together with combinatorial properties of drivers in pathwayws or functional consequences of mutations to differentiate drivers from passengers Simultaneous Identification of Multiple Driver Pathways in CancerIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
It is worth emphasizing the crucial role of the availability of free and open source software both in the growth and development of bioinformatics and computational biology  and for implementing reproducible research Open source software for the analysis of microarray dataIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Background Cancer progression is caused by the sequential accumulation of somatic mutations including changes in copy number structural variants single nucleotides SNP variants and DNA methylation patterns during the life of an individual Hallmarks of Cancer The Next GenerationIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Incorporating order restrictions within evolutionary models would also allow us to address two questions of immediate practical relevance related to data collection should we try to use single cell sampling now that it is becoming a realistic possibility The promise of single cell sequencing instead of whole tumor sampling and would it be better to try to use samples collected in the final stages of the disease vsIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Understanding the restrictions in the temporal order of accumulation of driver mutations not only provides insights into cancer biology but can help identify early markers of disease as well as therapeutic targets  and can be an instrumental tool in the search for the Achilles Heel of oncogene addiction BIM PUMA and the achilles heel of oncogene addiction Sci signalingIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Regarding number of passengers it is now widely accepted that most mutations in cancer cells are passengers The Consensus Coding Sequences of Human Breast and Colorectal CancersIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
For OTs I used the R package Oncotree Estimating oncogenetic trees with its default settingsIdentifying restrictions in the order of accumulation of mutations during tumor progression effects of passengers evolutionary models and sampling
Some studies have made use of the motor expertise model to investigate the link between the action execution and action perception network CalvoMerino et al CalvoMerino et al Expertise in dance modulates alpha beta event related desynchronization during action observation et al  and motor learning  Cross et alPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
The brain activations related to these tasks have been previously described When thoughts become actions an fMRI paradigm to study volitional brain activity in non communicative brain injured patients Coleman Davis et al  therefore they are used as reference to identify brain regions related to motor and spatial imagery and embodimentPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Some studies have made use of the motor expertise model to investigate the link between the action execution and action perception network Action observation and acquired motor skills an FMRI study with expert dancers et al Orgs et al  and motor learning  Cross et alPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Other studies have focused on the underlying neural mechanisms of creativity in realms other than dance  Jung et al  especially in music  Neural Substrates of Spontaneous Musical Performance An fMRI Study of Jazz Improvisation   and drawing Bhattacharya amp Petsche Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
The theory to this study can be found in the Interacting Cognitive Subsystems model of cognition eg Differentiation in cognitive and emotional meanings an evolutionary analysis  especially the specific ideas about different forms of mental representation or imageryPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Moreover several studies have examined the brain activity of creative artists Drawing on Mind s Canvas Differences in Cortical Integration Patterns Between Artists and Non Artists amp Petsche Berkowitz amp Ansari  including studies of improvisation in dance egPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Other studies have focused on the underlying neural mechanisms of creativity in realms other than dance  Neuroanatomy of creativity et al  especially in music  Limb and Braun  and drawing Bhattacharya amp Petsche Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Although based on a single dancer our results are nonetheless in broad agreement with previous motor imagery studies Cortical mechanisms of human imitation et al Grzes and Decety CalvoMerino et al Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
By probing immediate selfreport of inner experience this method enables researchers to measure a persons momentary thoughts feelings and actiontendencies than by asking through more retrospective recall methods for more detail see Feldman  An introduction to computerized computerized experience sampling in psychology  MyinGermeys et al Smyth et al Stone amp Shiffman Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
In the same way that visual imagery and visual perception recruit similar brain regions  Brain areas underlying visual mental imagery and visual perception an fMRI study et al  several studies have shown that during imagination of a movement the same sensorimotor regions are activated as when we observe a movement or actually execute it ourselves Decety et al Grzes amp Decety Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
This region is thought to hold a human body representation  The role of the extrastriate body area in action perception et al  as well as a dynamic action representation  The role of the extrastriate body area in action perception et al  that may have contributed to both imagery creation and static movement creationPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
EXPERIMENT  BRAIN ACTIVITY DURING CHOREOGRAPHIC THINKINGMental Imagery has been extensively investigated both in cognitive and neuroscience laboratories Mental Imagery Ganis amp Thompson  and in applied settings for example to improve performance in competitive sports Murphy Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
The orbitofrontal cortex has often been linked to sensory integration in representing the affective value of reinforcers and in decisionmaking and expectation The orbitofrontal cortex linking reward to hedonic experience Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Moreover this area has also been related to inhibition of prepotent responses Christopoulos Tobler Bossaerts et al  but also in the multipledemand network The multiple demand MD system of the primate brain Mental programs for intelligent behaviour  which is activated by many different cognitive demands including perceptual difficulty novelty and response conflictPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
By probing immediate selfreport of inner experience this method enables researchers to measure a persons momentary thoughts feelings and actiontendencies than by asking through more retrospective recall methods for more detail see Feldman Barrett amp Barrett  MyinGermeys et al Smyth et al Ecological momentary assessment EMA in behavioral medicine amp Shiffman Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
EXPERIMENT  BRAIN ACTIVITY DURING CHOREOGRAPHIC THINKINGMental Imagery has been extensively investigated both in cognitive and neuroscience laboratories Kosslyn Ganis amp Thompson  and in applied settings for example to improve performance in competitive sports Models of imagery in sport psychology A review Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
In the same way that visual imagery and visual perception recruit similar brain regions  Ganis et al  several studies have shown that during imagination of a movement the same sensorimotor regions are activated as when we observe a movement or actually execute it ourselves Mapping motor representations with positron emission tomography et al  Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Some studies have made use of the motor expertise model to investigate the link between the action execution and action perception network CalvoMerino et al CalvoMerino et al Orgs et al  and motor learning  Building a motor simulation de novo observation of dance by dancers et alPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Moreover this area has also been related to inhibition of prepotent responses Neural Correlates of Value Risk and Risk Aversion Contributing to Decision Making under Risk Tobler Bossaerts et al  but also in the multipledemand network Duncan  which is activated by many different cognitive demands including perceptual difficulty novelty and response conflictPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
William Forsythes Improvisation Technologies see Forsythe  were described by a performer with Forsythe as tools for the playful mind not laws or some kind of choreographic machinery Methodologies Bill Forsythe and the Ballett Frankfurt Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
By probing immediate selfreport of inner experience this method enables researchers to measure a persons momentary thoughts feelings and actiontendencies than by asking through more retrospective recall methods for more detail see Feldman Barrett amp Barrett  MyinGermeys et al The use of ecological momentary assessment approaches in eating disorder research et al Stone amp Shiffman Points in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Another example of this form of choreographic practice is Forever Young Some Thoughts on my Early Works Todays  work Locus in which the dancer envisions the space around the body as a cube defining the choreographys architecture Forever Young Some Thoughts on my Early Works Today and Rosenberg  as a means of generating new movementsPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
Functional neuroimaging of the vegetative state amp Coleman  for example used the detection of neural activity associated with different forms of imagined activity playing tennis or walking around ones home to show that a patient in a vegetative state who could not respond physically could respond mentally to oral instructionsPoints in Mental Space an Interdisciplinary Study of Imagery in Movement Creation
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Hybrid search Effectively combining keywords and semantic searchesMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
Semantic Crystal provides the enduser with a rather formal graphical query languageTalking to the Semantic WebNatural Language Query Interfaces for Casual End Users chose the Mooney dataset see SecMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Semsearch A search engine for the semantic webMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
How useful are natural language interfaces to the semantic web for casual end users  chose the Mooney dataset see SecMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Querying Ontologies A Controlled English Interface for End usersMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
Furthermore its use allowed the possibility of making the findings comparable with other evaluations of tools in this area such as Cocktail  PANTO Towards a theory of natural language interfaces to databases and PRECISE Towards a theory of natural language interfaces to databasesMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
The first questionnaire is a standardised usability test called the System Usability Scale SUS questionnaire SUS a quick and dirty usability scaleMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Querix A Natural Language Interface to Query Ontologies Based on Clarification DialogsMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web NLP Reduce A na vena ve but Domain independent Natural Language Interface for Querying OntologiesMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Gino a guided input natural language ontology editorMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Querying ontologies A controlled english interface for end usersMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
The automated phase is concerned with the interpretations concerning the lowlevel performance of the search tool such as Ability to load ontology and query interoperability Precision and Recall search accuracy and query expressiveness  ROC curves The meaning and use of the area under a receiver operating characteristic roc curve search accuracy and query expressiveness independent of the prior distribution of answersMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Swoogle A Search and Metadata Engine for the Semantic WebMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
These approaches can be divided into three main groups according to their core scope of research tools that specialise in semantic search based on structural query languages like SPARQL eg ARQ   tools for locating ontologies on the web eg Swoogle Characterizing knowledge on the semantic web with watson and tools which apply usercentered approaches for retrieving information and knowledge eg SemSearch Methodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
An example for this kind of language checking utility is the prototype tool quZILLA Quality of Bug Reports in EclipseMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
INTRODUCTIONSearching the Semantic Web lies at the core of many activities that are envisioned for the Semantic Web many researchers have investigated means for indexing and searching the Semantic Web Querying the Semantic Web with Ginseng A Guided Input Natural Language Search EngineMethodology and Campaign Design for the Evaluation of Semantic Search Tools
Considering the proportion agreeing on a valid indication for MRE only two indications exceeded   the initial diagnosis and followup of Crohns disease Mural inflammation in Crohn disease location matched histologic validation of MR imaging featuresIndications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
SB distension with large volumes of orally administered fluids however is generally considered a contraindication in GA or heavy sedation given the risk of aspiration Sedation anaesthesia in paediatric radiologyIndications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
In brief patients prefer MREg  while radiologists prefer MREc images A prospective randomized comparison between two MRI studies of the small bowel in Crohn s disease the oral contrast method and MR enteroclysisIndications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
The factors that the experts agreed upon were that the signal characteristic of the agent was biphasic behaving like water and that the patient was examined proneWe however focused more on the choice between MREc and MREg as this has been more controversial and more studied albeit only in patients with Crohns disease Small bowel MRI enteroclysis or follow through which is optimal Indications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
Considering the proportion agreeing on a valid indication for MRE only two indications exceeded   the initial diagnosis and followup of Crohns disease Manifestations of small bowel disease in pediatric Crohn s disease on magnetic resonance enterographyIndications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
The amount of enteral agent  its timing  osmolarity  type of agent  its concentration Optimization of oral contrast agents for MR imaging of the small bowel type of antiperistaltic agent  additives such as erythromycin and enema  MRI sequences used  and field strength  are just some possible modificationsIndications and selection of MR enterography vs MR enteroclysis with emphasis on patients who need small bowel MRI and general anaesthesia results of a survey
Geomagnetism and Aeronomy Geomagnetizm i Aeronomiia amp Orvelashvili  linked longperiod geomagnetic pulsations Pc with vortex shedding in the solar wind streamlining the Earths magnetosphere and estimated the Strouhal number as The possible role of vortex shedding in the excitation of kinkmode oscillations in the solar corona
Its appearance in Physics was due to the pioneering work of Generalized Hamiltonian Dynamics and more recently the work of Bagger and Lambert  renewed interest in ternary algebras in the Theoretical Physics community see also the review article Necessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
These identities Identities for the ternary commutator play the rle of the Jacobi identity for ternary algebras and generate cubic necessary conditions on the structure constants of these algebrasNecessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
In an earlier article Ternutator Identities we showed that there are no sui generis identities for products of five operators and seven identities for products of seven operatorsNecessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
This is discussed further in Classical and quantum Nambu mechanicsNecessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
IntroductionThe subject of ternary algebras a special case of nLie algebras is generally attributed to Fillipov n Lie Algebras but n Lie Algebras was following up on earlier studies that had appeared in the mathematics literature primarily by Kurosh  as remarked in Necessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
IntroductionThe subject of ternary algebras a special case of nLie algebras is generally attributed to Fillipov  but Filippov was following up on earlier studies that had appeared in the mathematics literature primarily by Free sums of multioperator algebras Free sums of multioperator algebras as remarked in Necessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
IntroductionThe subject of ternary algebras a special case of nLie algebras is generally attributed to Fillipov  but Filippov was following up on earlier studies that had appeared in the mathematics literature primarily by Kurosh  as remarked in Classical and Quantal Ternary AlgebrasNecessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
Its appearance in Physics was due to the pioneering work of Nambu  and more recently the work of Gauge Symmetry and Supersymmetry of Multiple M Branes and Lambert Gauge Symmetry and Supersymmetry of Multiple M Branes renewed interest in ternary algebras in the Theoretical Physics community see also the review article Necessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
Its appearance in Physics was due to the pioneering work of Nambu  and more recently the work of Bagger and Lambert  renewed interest in ternary algebras in the Theoretical Physics community see also the review article n ary algebras a review with applicationsNecessary conditions for Ternary Algebras
Indeed they are often seen to be philosophically flawed Reconstructing the Cognitive World The Next Step Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
It also references The Modularity of Minds  Modularity of MindIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Allowing symbol usage to be identified with deployment of predictively powerful generalizations avoids the problemThis way of conceptualizing the transition to a symbolic style of thought has a close relation with Bickertons proposal for a transition from online to offline thinking Bickerton  and also to The Symbolic Species The Co evolution of Language and the Brains  proposal for a progression from indexical to symbolic representationIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Cognitive sciences reliance on computer simulation means it is not well equipped to give an answer Mind as Machine A History of Cognitive Science Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In this theory From domain specific to generalized intelligence a cognitive interpretation of the middle upper paleolithic transition  the domainspecific entities are understood to be specialized intelligences along the lines of Gardner Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
The Singing Neanderthals The Origins of Music Language Mind and Body is more agnostic on this point although stressing the degree to which integration must involve processes of analogy and metaphor The Singing Neanderthals The Origins of Music Language Mind and Body Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
The Architecture of Cognition Gregory  it now gives as much weight to exploitation of scaffolding and embodiment egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Informationrich generalizationThe framework of information theory The Mathematical Theory of Communication can be used to give a more formal statement of the proposalIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Artificial intelligence a personal view Boden Winston  it increasingly recognizes the greater potential and neural plausibility of probabilistic forms egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Conceptions of cognition in which symbolic reasoning takes charge are increasingly questioned A Dynamic Systems Approach to the Development of Cognition and Action and Smith Ballard Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Informationrich generalizationThe framework of information theory Shannon Cybernetics Shannon and Weaver  can be used to give a more formal statement of the proposalThe key principle of this framework is that the information content of an event is the amount of uncertainty it resolvesIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Marr Boden Artificial Intelligence nd edn   it increasingly recognizes the greater potential and neural plausibility of probabilistic forms egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In this theory Mithen  the domainspecific entities are understood to be specialized intelligences along the lines of Multiple Intelligences The Theory in Practice Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Anderson Mind in Science Harmondsworth  it now gives as much weight to exploitation of scaffolding and embodiment egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Marr Artificial Intelligence and Natural Man Winston  it increasingly recognizes the greater potential and neural plausibility of probabilistic forms egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
This might be in the manner envisaged by The cognitive functions of language  It is more a functional reduction of the mechanisms assumed to mediate the processIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Generalizations with these characteristics are at a higher level of abstraction and thus closer to the ideal of formal symbolism in which signs are fully divorced from content Language Culture and Cognition Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Research in artificial intelligence demonstrated convincingly that symbolic reasoning machines cannot replicate the power and fluidity of human cognition Being There Putting Brain Body and World Together Again Beer Wheeler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Conceptions of cognition in which symbolic reasoning takes charge are increasingly questioned Thelen and Smith Animate vision Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Concluding commentsIn Piaget stone tools and the evolution of human intelligences  view archeology has the potential to make serious contributions to the study of intelligence pIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Newell and Simon JohnsonLaird Fodor Artificial Intelligence The Very Idea  it now more strongly stresses efficient coding and information use egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
But the connection is difficult to discern partly because language seems somewhat overpowered with regard to its initial application Dunbar  and partly because it is extremely hard to disentangle cause and effect The faculty of language what is it who has it and how did it evolve  et al Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
But the torrent of art technology ritual and symbolism that is deemed the distinctive signature of Home sapiens is seen to develop momentum somewhat later with the change being particularly dramatic at the MiddleUpper Paleolithic transition in western Europe The origin of modern human behavior critique of the models and their test implications and Marean Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
The earliest known artistic artefactthe incised slab of shale from the Blombos Caveis dated to more than  years ago  Emergence of modern human behaviour middle stone age engravings from south africa et al Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Newell and Simon Mental Models Towards a Cognitive Science of Language Inference and Consciousness Fodor Haugeland  it now more strongly stresses efficient coding and information use egIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
To help resolve this puzzle this paper estimates distribution and trade cost wedges using a trade model augmented with a retail distribution sector developed in A Model of International Cities Implications for Real Exchange Rates and Yilmazkuday Why is Measured Productivity so Low in Agriculture
The resultant psychological distress and dysfunction associated with visible differences associated with disease traumatic injury and congenital and developmental abnormality has similarly been increasingly documented over recent years  Addressing appearance related distress across clinical conditions et al bIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
All  corrected item total correlations fall in the desirable range of between  and  see The patient outcomes of surgery hand arm POS Hand Arm a new patient based outcome measure et al  and this is replicated in both the clinical population and the nonclinical populationIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
This was followed by application of the LarntzPerlman procedure for testing equality of correlation matrices see Larntz amp Perlman  or Koziol et al  which was used to compare the interitem correlation matrix structure between the clinical population and the nonclinical population and which tests whether the underlying factor structure is consistent across clinical and nonclinical populations see Testing whether correlation matrices are different from each other Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Evaluating goodness of fit indexes for testing measurement invariance amp Rensvold  recommend the change in CFI deltaCFI to examine lack of invariance as deltaCFI is not overly sensitive to sample size and deltaCFI is strongly correlated with other changes in fit indicesIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Issues concerning appearance and sexual difference for people with a visibly different appearance are also recognised as neglected areas such as in burns rehabilitation Aspects of sexual life in patients after burn the most neglected part of postburn rehabilitation in the developing world et al Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Sample size was based on recommendations by A first course in factor analysis and Lee on minimum sample size in factor analysis A first course in factor analysis amp Lee Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Tinsley amp Tinsley  regard PAF as the preferred extraction procedure for factor analysis as it generates reliable solutions even when communalities are low and is robust to deviations from normality Factor analysis in counseling psychology research training and practice principles advances and applications Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Furthermore we would advocate a proportionate needsbased intervention strategy based upon the graded model Therapeutic interventions for people with a visible difference evidence of effectiveness  which incorporates a range of appearance related interventions from sociological and public health based through to prolonged individual complex case workIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Note that the CFA was undertaken using a all data b the clinical subsample c the community sample and d following Viability of exploratory factor analysis as a precursor to confirmatory factor analysis amp Hamilton  random samples of size n   were used to perform EFA and with the remainder to test the CFA modelIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
This value is closely replicated in the data for the clinical sample alpha   and the nonclinical sample alpha  Analysis using Statistical inference for coefficient alphas test see Statistical inference for coefficient alpha  Woodruff amp Salih  indicates that Cronbachs alpha does not significantly differ between the clinical and nonclinical sample p  Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
The lack of understanding of sexual functioning in relation to body image and any accompanying lack of measurement tools have been cited as a major barrier to developing effective interventions Quality of life and psychosocial adjustment to burn injury social functioning body image and health policy perspectives Pruzinsky amp Rumsey Taylor et al Increased understanding of the factor analytic structure of DAS and the identification of a brief six item subscale to measure SBSC adds to the tools available for research and interventionIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
There is clear evidence that increased body selfconsciousness is related to decreased sexual satisfaction in the general population Self objectification body self consciousness during sexual activities and sexual satisfaction in college women amp Warren Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
GFI AGFI NFI CFI and NNFI gt  indicate good levels of fit between data and model with more liberal criteria of  lt GFI NFI lt  and  lt AGFI lt  indicating an acceptable model see for instance Bentler Utility of confirmatory factor analysis in test validation research Marsh Balla amp McDonald Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
GFI AGFI NFI CFI and NNFI gt  indicate good levels of fit between data and model with more liberal criteria of  lt GFI NFI lt  and  lt AGFI lt  indicating an acceptable model see for instance Comparative fit indexes in structural models Cole Marsh Balla amp McDonald Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
The percentages are similar in both the clinic and community sampleDAS was included as part of a wider Appearance Research Collaboration study that was assessing adjustment to visible difference CBT for appearance anxiety psychosocial interventions for anxiety due to visible difference et al Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Thus the missing data is only a small fractional part of the database and missing values may be considered to be missing completely at randomFirstly data were checked for influential observations we measured changes in the ellipsoid volume of the dataset if an observation was deleted Identifying most influential observations in factor analysis Jamieson amp Wiseman Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
For example Gender attitudes feminist identity and body images among college women Ancis amp Strachan  have demonstrated that women are the subject of greater and pervasive body scrutiny than men and are both more dissatisfied and invested in their appearanceIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
In order to be able to have a relevant specific and well defined outcome variable to further assess these theoretical explorations and also to make a meaningful assessment of interventions a team of plastic surgeons and psychologists created the Derriford Appearance Scale  The Derriford Appearance Scale DAS  a new scale to measure individual responses to living with problems of appearance Harris amp James Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Visibly different people are subject to staring and unwelcome attention avoidance through to overt teasing hostility and rejection eg MacGregor et al Lansdown et al Visible difference associated with disease skin conditions Identification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Applied psychologists including health clinical and counseling psychologists have been at the forefront of developing interventions to support people with psychological needs arising from visible differences Evaluation of the effectiveness of face IT a computer based psychosocial intervention for disfigurement related distress et al aEvaluation of the effectiveness of face IT a computer based psychosocial intervention for disfigurement related distress et al b and in developing a clearer understanding of the differentiating factors and processes between those who adjust well and those who struggle to cope and manage with differing appearancesIdentification of the underlying factor structure of the Derriford Appearance Scale
Signatures of the meson condensation in QCD were found in nonperturbative holographical approaches based on gaugegravity duality these Proceedings J Erdmenger P Kerner and M StrydoCan nothing be a superconductor and a superfluid
Purpose and scope of the paperIn this paper we investigate solution properties of a new twocomponent Multi component generalizations of the CH equation geometrical aspects peakons and numerical examples CH system introduced in equations  and Waltzing peakons and compacton pairs in a crosscoupled CamassaHolm equation
More proteins potentially able to interact with SNAREs can have a direct influence on membrane potential such as ion channels as shown in the case of SYP able to interact and control the K channel KC  A novel motif essential for SNARE interaction with the K channel KC and channel gating in Arabidopsis et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Additional structural roles for tSNAREs cannot be excludedRecently we observed for Arabidopsis SYP and SYP a double localization associated to two different functions AtSYP  functions diverge in the post golgi traffic and differently affect vacuolar sorting et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
This consideration was first formulated by Endosomal fusion upon SNARE knockdown is maintained by residual SNARE activity and enhanced docking and coworkers upon analysis of a rich literature showing that knockdown of some SNARE genes have little effect on endomembranes  Endosomal fusion upon SNARE knockdown is maintained by residual SNARE activity and enhanced docking et al  and references withinDefining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Tyrrell and coworkers  Tyrrell et al  found that the soluble DN variant of SYP in Arabidopsis thaliana blocks traffic of TIPYFP chimera to the tonoplast but it has been also demonstrated that overexpression of SYP inhibited PVCtovacuole traffic in vivo  Overexpression of the Arabidopsis syntaxin PEP SYP inhibits transport from the prevacuolar compartment to the lytic vacuole in vivo et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Also in Petunia hybrida the single SYP gene cloned up to now Faraco  seems to define in petal epidermal cells a very well defined vacuolar compartments separated from the central vacuole and already observed with other vacuolar markers  Agrobacteriummediated transient expression of vacuolar GFPs in Petunia leaves and petals et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
From new data about vacuolar fusion in yeast it seems that different SNAREs actively bind to different VATPase subunits influencing their interaction with the proteolipid cylinder so promoting or inhibiting the lipid reorientation for the formation of a lipidic fusion pore The V ATPase proteolipid cylinder promotes the lipid mixing stage of SNARE dependent fusion of yeast vacuoles et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Regulating tSNARE distribution the cell could dynamically modulate vesicle fusion probabilities and consequently the kinetics of the cellular response  Asymmetric localization of Arabidopsis SYP syntaxin at the pollen tube apical and sub apical zones is involved in tip growth et al Yang et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Vesicles do not preferentially target these microdomainsSeveral mechanisms have been proposed to explain protein clustering in microdomains and the tSNARE distribution seems to depend both on lipidic and proteic contributions  Secretory vesicles are preferentially targeted to areas of low molecular SNARE density et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
The recent investigation of SYPs iSNARE effect De Benedictis et al  may help to discover the molecular mechanisms of this processA mechanism for the iSNARE effect of yeast QcSNAREs is described by the competition between endosomal Tlg and Syn and vacuolar form Vam of the proteins  Distinct contributions of vacuolar Qabcand R SNARE proteins to membrane fusion specificity et al  and because of their ability to interact with VATPase subunits influencing membrane potential Strasser et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
SNARE ABUNDANCE AND INFLUENCE OF DISTRIBUTION ON THEIR FUSOGENIC ROLESNAREs are relatively small polypeptides aminoacids characterized by the presence of a particular domain the SNARE motif  SNAREs engines for membrane fusion and Scheller  consisting of heptad repeats that can form a coiledcoil structureDefining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Overexpression of DN variants to inhibit specific functions seems to offer a better tool to affect the molecular machinery leaving no options to the plant cell to adapt and mask the effect  Rehman et al Silva et al Protein trafficking to the cell wall occurs through mechanisms distinguishable from default sorting in tobacco et al De Benedictis et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
These have been proposed to belong to a new functional class of SNAREs  i SNAREs inhibitory SNAREs that fine tune the specificity of membrane fusion et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Selective targeting of plasma membrane and tonoplast traffic by inhibitory dominant negative SNARE fragments and coworkers  Selective targeting of plasma membrane and tonoplast traffic by inhibitory dominant negative SNARE fragments et al  found that the soluble DN variant of SYP in Arabidopsis thaliana blocks traffic of TIPYFP chimera to the tonoplast but it has been also demonstrated that overexpression of SYP inhibited PVCtovacuole traffic in vivo  Foresti et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
It is extremely interesting a recent report on SNAREs interaction with proteolipid V ATPase membrane sector associates with synaptobrevin to modulate neurotransmitter release et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Little attention is generally paid to the need of the cell to keep very similar compartments separated because this need may not be evident among endosomes as much as among larger vacuolar structures typical of only few plant cells  Two functionally different vacuoles for static and dynamic purposes in one plant mesophyll leaf cell et al Verweij et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
The equilibrium between fusogenic tSNARE and non fusogenic iSNARE activity of specific SNAREs may reside on their localization as highlighted for SYP and SYP De Benedictis et al  but also on the formation of clusters in cholesterolcontaining microdomains  Anatomy and dynamics of a supramolecular membrane protein cluster et al Anatomy and dynamics of a supramolecular membrane protein cluster et al  SYPs will act as tSNARE when present on the membrane of TGN or late endosomes and PVC whereas they will behave as iSNARE when accumulating on tonoplast Figure Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
SNAREs also interact with several proteins acting as regulators of SNAREcomplex formation Lobingier and Merz The binding of Varp to VAMP traps VAMP in a closed fusogenically inactive conformation et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Also in Petunia hybrida the single SYP gene cloned up to now Intracellular Traffic of Proteins and Endomembrane Compartments in Plant Cells  seems to define in petal epidermal cells a very well defined vacuolar compartments separated from the central vacuole and already observed with other vacuolar markers  Verweij et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
A plant characteristic iSNARE activity could be determinant on vacuoles or postGolgi endocytic compartments since these compartments appear to diversify between plants and nonplant organisms  PostGolgi traffic in plants et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
Overexpression of DN variants to inhibit specific functions seems to offer a better tool to affect the molecular machinery leaving no options to the plant cell to adapt and mask the effect  Tomato Raba characterization evidenced a difference between SYP dependent and SYP dependent exocytosis et al Silva et al De Caroli et al De Benedictis et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
SNAREs also interact with several proteins acting as regulators of SNAREcomplex formation Sec Munc protein Vps binds to SNARE domains and the quaternary SNARE complex and Merz Schafer et al Defining new SNARE functions the iSNARE
open circles represent discomfort judgements of filtered noise patterns of varying spatial frequency content Spatial frequency and visual discomfort Uncomfortable images produce nonsparse responses in a model of primary visual cortex
models of populations of neurons with properties similar to those found in the visual cortex have been shown to produce sparse responses to natural image inputs What is the goal of sensory coding Uncomfortable images produce nonsparse responses in a model of primary visual cortex
Meanwhile Light Elements in the Universe Proc IAU Symp  argued that Be abundances are generally uniform ie with almost no sign of depletion in Gtype dwarfs with T eff lt   K regardless of the large spread of Li abundances in contrast to Ftype stars with T eff gt  Beryllium Abundances of SolarAnalog Stars
Laboratorybased dream research has been based from its early beginnings eg The relation of eye movements during sleep to dream activity an objective method for the study of dreaming and Kleitman  on an approach that combines physiological measurement EEG and other markers with subjective dream reportsMethodological considerations for the neurophenomenology of dreaming commentary on Windts Reporting dream experience
One such target group consists of proficient lucid dreamers who being able to maintain awareness of their dream states are asked to describe specific aspects of their dream experience Fenwick et al Lequerica Dreamed movement elicits activation in the sensorimotor cortex et al Methodological considerations for the neurophenomenology of dreaming commentary on Windts Reporting dream experience
This has revealed qualitative and quantitative differences in the nature of dream experiences reported after awakenings from REM sleep NREM sleep  McNamara et al  and NREM Stage  sleep onset  Nielsen et al Mentation during sleep onset theat bursts in a trained participant A role for NREM stage  sleep in memory processing  et al  REM sleep has been found to possess the most vivid and immersive dreams NREM sleep the most thoughtlike mentation and Stage NREM sleep the briefest but nonetheless REMlike mentation Dement and Kleitman Methodological considerations for the neurophenomenology of dreaming commentary on Windts Reporting dream experience
It is activated during states of unfocused external attention Stawarczyk et al b or perceptual decoupling Distinguishing how from why the mind wanders a process occurrence framework for self generated mental activity a when attention is turned away from perceptual senses regardless of whether the turning away is part of a respondent sequenceGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
An early investigation  Studies in the stream of consciousness experimental enhancement and suppression of spontaneous cognitive processes et al  that obtained thought reports after brief signaldetection trials established a number of other conditionsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
One of the latter is the frontoparietal control network which appears to couple with the defaultmode network during planning activity  Default network activity coupled with the frontoparietal control network supports goal directed cognition et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are dreamlike segments in waking states in one study  of waking thought samples were rated by participants as having at least a trace of dreamlike qualities Cox  which agrees approximately with other results Foulkes and Fleisher Modes of normal conscious flow Modes of normal conscious flow  as well as there being wakinglike cognitive content in dreamsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
However even during such operant task activity mental content commonly shifts intermittently to other respondent content Structure and Functions of Fantasy AndrewsHanna et al a which has often been dubbed daydreaming or mindwanderingModern scientific research on such shifts in thought can be considered to have begun in earnest with the experimental and psychometric work of Jerome LGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Indeed it appears that the brains defaultmode network provides the substrate for mindwandering eg Wandering minds the default network and stimulus independent thought et al Christoff et al AndrewsHanna et al aStawarczyk et al b a network of several hubs and subsystems AndrewsHanna  that probably constitutes a majority of the brains energy consumption Raichle Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There were a number of partial precedents for these findings SITs associated with medial prefrontal cortex  McGuire et al  similarity in activation patterns during rest and semantic retrieval Binder et al  increased task difficulty leading a to increased deactivation of some regions associated with the defaultmode network A parametric manipulation of factors affecting task induced deactivation in functional neuroimaging  and b to decreased selfreported TUTs  McKiernan et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
This debate has been most recently summarized by Smallwood a who has also suggested a resolution among four main viewpoints the goal theory of currentconcerns eg Meaning and Void Inner Experience and The Incentives in People s Lives  and the sections above decoupling from perception eg Smallwood Smallwood  a executive control failure eg McVay and Kane   a and metaawareness  Schooler et al  becoming conscious of ones mindwandering a selfregulatory processGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
One reason that people mindwander much more than they are aware of doing may be that mindwandering and the metaawareness of doing so engage some of the same brain structures such as the anterior prefrontal cortex so that when occupied by mindwandering these structures cannot also create awareness of the mindwandering  Metaawareness perceptual decoupling and the wandering mind et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
With regard to the effect on mindwandering of what people have at stake A labor leisure tradeoff in cognitive control and Botvinick  examined the amount of time participants spent on a demanding or an undemanding task in sessions in which they could freely shift from one to the otherGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
However even during such operant task activity mental content commonly shifts intermittently to other respondent content Klinger Evidence for the default network s role in spontaneous cognition et al a which has often been dubbed daydreaming or mindwanderingGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Indeed it appears that the brains defaultmode network provides the substrate for mindwandering eg Mason et al Christoff et al AndrewsHanna et al aNeural correlates of ongoing conscious experience both task unrelatedness and stimulus independence are related to default network activity et al b a network of several hubs and subsystems AndrewsHanna  that probably constitutes a majority of the brains energy consumption Raichle Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Mindwandering has a wellestablished inverse relationship to a variety of performance measures eg Smallwood et al McVay and Kane ab including reading comprehension  Smallwood et al Smallwood et al  Smallwood et al  Smallwood and Schooler  Conducting the train of thought working memory capacity goal neglect and mind wandering in an executive control task Smallwood Mrazek et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The fact that these participants chose some unrewarded trials is consistent with having a need for freer mental activity as in mindwandering and the shift toward more unrewarded trials when the wages for rewarded demanding trials decreased indicates that mindwandering decreases when there is more at stake in the assigned taskMindwandering has a wellestablished inverse relationship to a variety of performance measures eg Mind wandering while reading attentional decoupling mindless reading and the cascade model of inattention McVay and Kane ab including reading comprehension Mrazek et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Indeed it appears that the brains defaultmode network provides the substrate for mindwandering eg Mason et al Christoff et al AndrewsHanna et al aStawarczyk et al b a network of several hubs and subsystems AndrewsHanna  that probably constitutes a majority of the brains energy consumption A paradigm shift in functional brain imaging Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Mind Wandering and Reading Comprehension examining the roles of working memory capacity interest motivation and topic experience and McMillan  thoughtsampled TUTs and obtained laboratory measures of working memory capacity and a number of selfreport measures motivation for the task interest in the topic and previous experience with the subject matterGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
One investigation in a sleep laboratory using standard electroencephalography EEG and eye movement measures Incorporation of concern and nonconcern related verbal stimuli into dream content et al  administered a modified Concern Dimensions Questionnaire CDQ Klinger et al Klinger et al   to assess seven participants goals followed by four consecutive nights an adaptation night and three experimental nights during which five to seven times per night during Stage rapid eye movement REM or Stage  sleep the experimenters played for them various taped words or phrases related to their different goals or to other participants goalsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Instead they represent imaginary scenes or scenarios that might or might not occur to the individual within a particular future time frame Unorganized as they may be they serve up insights and planning components that can be assembled later into adaptive plans and action as suggested by the incubation effect of experimentally induced mindwandering in improving creative problemsolving  Inspired by distraction mind wandering facilitates creative incubation et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Besides the observations that mindwandering was more frequent during relaxed states or work on undemanding tasks under these conditions selfgenerated thoughts were more often focused on the future than on the past Cox Smallwood et al bBack to the future autobiographical planning and the functionality of mind wandering et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Apart from mulling the past the individual under the pressure of prospective loss or failure may already be somewhat depressed and the emotional tone of the ruminative sequences is likely to deepen that depression even further The motivating function of thinking about the future expectations versus fantasies et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
However if one accepts that there is continuity between mindwandering states and dreaming and if one recognizes that nonconscious processes meaningcomplexesResponse organization of mental imagery evaluation of descriptive experience sampling and alternatives a commentary on Hurlburt s and Schwitzgebel s  Describing Inner Experience J Conscious Response organization of mental imagery evaluation of descriptive experience sampling and alternatives a commentary on Hurlburt s and Schwitzgebel s  Describing Inner Experience J Conscious   underlie both the thought and dream segments there is no reason to doubt the close relationship of mindwandering and its variants with the defaultmode networkGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
These include a variety of mental processes including retrieval of past experiences and imagining future scenarios  The brain s default network et al  which are essential for planning and are also stock components of mindwandering sequencesRaichle  argues that the defaultmode network is not coextensive with conscious mindwandering citing the continuation of the networks activity into lighter states of anesthesia and Stages  and  of sleep  Horovitz et al  when dreaming is most frequent and the demonstration  Christoff et al  of executivenetwork elements during resting statesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Similarly reaction times RTs in reporting the font color of goalrelated words are typically on average longer than they are to nongoalrelated words Johnsen et al  Riemann and McNally GilboaSchechtman et al Alcohol attentional bias and motivational structure independently predict alcohol consumption in social drinkers and Cox  or imagesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Perceptual decoupling may accordingly be part of a more extensive process that protects ongoing behavior see also Klinger Klinger   in regard to a meaningcomplex theory of response organization also behavioral chunking eg Perlman et al McVay and Kanes conceptualization eg Kane and McVay  Drifting from slow to D oh working memory capacity and mind wandering predict extreme reaction times and executive control errors b on the other hand features proactive executive control that keeps people focused on their goal pursuits from which mindwandering distractsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
One investigation in a sleep laboratory using standard electroencephalography EEG and eye movement measures Hoelscher et al  administered a modified Concern Dimensions Questionnaire CDQ Motivational correlates of thought content frequency and commitment et al   to assess seven participants goals followed by four consecutive nights an adaptation night and three experimental nights during which five to seven times per night during Stage rapid eye movement REM or Stage  sleep the experimenters played for them various taped words or phrases related to their different goals or to other participants goalsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
This theory together with recent neuroscientific findings that support it is briefly reviewed elsewhere  Motivation and the goal theory of current concerns and Cox If the individual becomes actively operant in pursuing the goal the situation is transformed into one similar to experimental task activityGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
HEART RATE LEVELS AND THE FREQUENCY OF TASKUNRELATED THOUGHTSAnother investigation  The consequences of encoding information on the maintenance of internally generated images and thoughts the role of meaning complexes et al  found evidence of substantially higher arousal as measured by heart rate for individuals who engaged in more frequent taskunrelated thoughts TUTsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Some degree of continuity in waking and sleeping mentation has been noted as well by others eg Domhoff Raichle The role of spontaneous thought in human cognition et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The decision function could be similar to that operating in choices among alternative actions eg Distributed neural representation of expected value et al Tobler et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Some degree of continuity in waking and sleeping mentation has been noted as well by others eg Finding Meaning in Dreams A Quantitative Approach Raichle Christoff et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Besides the observations that mindwandering was more frequent during relaxed states or work on undemanding tasks under these conditions selfgenerated thoughts were more often focused on the future than on the past Cox When is your head at an exploration of the factors associated with the temporal focus of the wandering mind et al bBaird et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The decision function could be similar to that operating in choices among alternative actions eg Knutson et al Adaptive coding of reward value by dopamine neurons et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
conceptually extended by Cooperation between the default mode network and the frontal parietal network in the production of an internal train of thought et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
SKIN CONDUCTANCE RESPONSES TO GOALRELATED CUES AND ASSOCIATION WITH GOALRELATED THOUGHTSAdditional data on the relation of emotional arousal to goal cues were obtained with skin conductance responses  Current concerns and electrodermal reactivity responses to words and thoughts et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Thus Self regulation of goalsetting turning free fantasies about the future into binding goals and her colleagues eg Self regulation of goalsetting turning free fantasies about the future into binding goals et al  undertook an extensive series of studies on how features of fantasies relate to or influence subsequent reactions in imaginary or actual goal pursuitsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Mindwandering has a wellestablished inverse relationship to a variety of performance measures eg Smallwood et al McVay and Kane ab including reading comprehension  Smallwood et al Smallwood et al  Smallwood et al  Smallwood and Schooler McVay and Kane Smallwood The role of mind wandering in measurements of general aptitude et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Perceptual decoupling may accordingly be part of a more extensive process that protects ongoing behavior see also Klinger Klinger   in regard to a meaningcomplex theory of response organization also behavioral chunking eg Taskrelevant chunking in sequence learning et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
It thus appears that although the respondent components of mindwandering may depend on the defaultmode network they are far from the only activity supported by that networkWhen tasks make large demands on processing the necessary shift of mental resources from the defaultmode network to executive regions is harder to attain with advancing age  Age differences in deactivation a link to cognitive control  et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Also working memory capacity has been reported inversely associated with everyday mindwandering during resourcedemanding activities  Kane et al  positively related to proportionally prospective mindwandering during an undemanding task  Baird et al  but unrelated to proportionally prospective mindwandering during demanding tasks  Working memory capacity does not always support futureoriented mind wandering et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Indeed it appears that the brains defaultmode network provides the substrate for mindwandering eg Mason et al Christoff et al Stawarczyk et al b a network of several hubs and subsystems The brain s default network and its adaptive role in internal mentation  that probably constitutes a majority of the brains energy consumption Raichle Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The Flow of Consciousness  asked participants in a laboratory to signal with a key press every time their mind shifted to a new topic which happened on average about  or  s apartGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Mindwandering is then typically reduced and activity in the defaultmode network is attenuated a finding that originally arose out of experimental manipulations leading to the discovery of that network as one whose activity rises spontaneously and regularly in the absence of work on a task a resting state A default mode of brain function et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
For a full review of repetitive thought see Constructive and unconstructive repetitive thought  the findings described above provide a ready explanation for ruminative sequencesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
An impressive proportion of thought samples obtained during mindwandering have contained content that related to the individuals goals including spontaneous planning elements AndrewsHanna et al aMindwandering phenomenology and function as assessed with a novel experience sampling method et al aAndrewsHanna Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Earlier a metaanalysis by The common neural basis of autobiographical memory prospection navigation theory of mind and the default mode a quantitative meta analysis et alGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Furthermore it appears that negative moods tend to skew mindwandering toward past events  Imprisoned by the past unhappy moods lead to a retrospective bias to mind wandering Conscious and OConnor Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There is evidence that inducing negative moods increases mindwandering perhaps because it potentiates personal concerns  Shifting moods wandering minds negative moods lead the mind to wander et al aGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
This debate has been most recently summarized by Why the global availability of mind wandering necessitates resource competition reply to McVay and Kane a who has also suggested a resolution among four main viewpoints the goal theory of currentconcerns eg Klinger Klinger  Klinger  Klinger  Klinger and Cox  and the sections above decoupling from perception Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The terms operant versus respondent are taken from Science and Human Behaviors theory Science and Human Behavior  to refer to activity aimed at acquiring reinforcers or goals versus reflexive responses to stimuli here including ones own mental eventsVarious investigators have applied varying operational definitions to daydreaming such as thought consisting of fanciful content Freud  being independent of current task activity eg Singer  or being unintended and spontaneous ie respondent Klinger Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Early on Correlates of daydreaming a dimension of self awareness and Schonbar  had found that a psychometric selfreport measure of how much graduate students in education daydreamed correlated  with the degree of creativity the students displayed in their account of an actual daydream and in a spontaneous original story that they wroteGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are large individual differences in the amount of time that people desire to spend in imaginative daydreaming Personality and private experience individual variations in consciousness and in attention to subjective phenomena  Bigelsen and Schupak  some valuing it as a resource for selfamusement and stimulation and others eager to reduce or eliminate it but unable to attain a daydreamfree stateIf moving between innerdirected and outwarddirected states is a kind of automatic decision process there must be a switching mechanism that employs some set of criteria for making the switchGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
 also found significant correlations during wellpracticed tasks between fMRI readings of activation in six regions of the defaultmode network and scores on the daydreaming frequency scale of the Imaginal Processes Inventory IPI Daydreaming imaginal processes and personality a normative study and Antrobus  a selfreport psychometric measure of the individuals typical inner experienceGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Again the point here is that encountering cues related in some way to ones goals takes higher processing priority over competing cues in a way that helps to explain the gravitation of undirected thought content to one or another of the individuals goalsOn the assumption that males are more likely than women to be concerned with power and hence be drawn to its cues Male susceptibility to attentional capture by power cues et alGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There is also an extended version of this theory What is a dream  and Yellen  that adds an emotional componentGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
AN INTERFERENCE STUDYUsing RT methods Ablenkung und Handlungskontrolle Eine KognitivMotivationale Perspektive Unpublished Diploma thesis  participants pressed buttons as quickly as possible to identify whether letters displayed one at a time on the lower half of a computer screen were an X or a YGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Similarly reaction times RTs in reporting the font color of goalrelated words are typically on average longer than they are to nongoalrelated words Johnsen et al  Cognitive processing of personally relevant information and McNally GilboaSchechtman et al Fadardi and Cox  or imagesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
EEG evidence with eventrelated potentials indicates that infants as young as nine months react with N deflections negative deflections after  ms poststimulus when sequences they observe end unexpectedly The neural correlates of infant and adult goal prediction evidence for semantic processing systems et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are numerous anecdotal reports of important creative insights attained during states that foster mindwandering eg Klinger Researching imaginative play and adult consciousness implications for daily and literary creativity Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The automatic character of this cognitive prioritizing was further buttressed by data from a lexical decision task The Role of Selective Attention in the Attitude Behavior Relationship Unpublished Ph D dissertation Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
A similar result emerged from a conventional questionnaire study How daydreaming relates to life satisfaction loneliness and social support the importance of gender and daydream content et al  that found life satisfaction to be negatively correlated with selfreported patterns of daydreaming about inaccessible people for example out of the persons past or strangers but positively correlated with daydreaming about people with whom the daydreamer was currently closeGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Similarly reaction times RTs in reporting the font color of goalrelated words are typically on average longer than they are to nongoalrelated words Alcoholic subjects attentional bias in the processing of alcohol related words et al  Riemann and McNally GilboaSchechtman et al Fadardi and Cox  or imagesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Instead of targeting RT to words whose meaning conflicts with their font color these studies targeted words related to alcohol and compared RT to the alcoholrelated words with RT to emotionally neutral words  Alcohol abusers and nonabusers distraction by alcohol and concern related stimuli et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
These include a variety of mental processes including retrieval of past experiences and imagining future scenarios  Buckner et al  which are essential for planning and are also stock components of mindwandering sequencesRaichle  argues that the defaultmode network is not coextensive with conscious mindwandering citing the continuation of the networks activity into lighter states of anesthesia and Stages  and  of sleep  Low frequency BOLD fluctuations during resting wakefulness and light sleep a simultaneous EEGfMRI study et al  when dreaming is most frequent and the demonstration  Christoff et al  of executivenetwork elements during resting statesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The principal features of The brain as a dream state generator an activation synthesis hypothesis of the dream process and McCarleys  original formulation of activationsynthesis theory are that a dream images are directly generated by essentially random sporadic pontine discharges the activation that produce sudden sensations the dream hallucinations and b forebrain activity seeks to fit these images into as coherent a pattern or plot as possible the synthesisGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Similarly reaction times RTs in reporting the font color of goalrelated words are typically on average longer than they are to nongoalrelated words Johnsen et al  Riemann and McNally Stroop interference following mood induction emotionality mood congruence and concern relevance et al Fadardi and Cox  or imagesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
A laboratory method for investigating influences on switching attention to task unrelated imagery and thought  found TUTs more frequent with less demanding vigilance tasksGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Various investigators have applied varying operational definitions to daydreaming such as thought consisting of fanciful content The relation of the poet to day dreaming  being independent of current task activity eg Singer  or being unintended and spontaneous ie respondent Klinger Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Consistent with these findings regarding the processing priority placed on cues related to goals The allocation of attention to learning of goaldirected actions a cognitive neuroscience framework focusing on the basal ganglia  has presented a neuroscientific model of brain organization and development based largely on splitbrain research to support the conclusion that attention is controlled by intended actions and at higher levels of organization goalsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
The strong evidence for perceptual decoupling raises a further question regarding the processes involved in protecting the integrity of segments of behavior that is of relatively integrated response sequences that lead from the decision to act or the start of a thought train to the intended endpoint of the sequence see also Disentangling decoupling comment on Smallwood et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are dreamlike segments in waking states in one study  of waking thought samples were rated by participants as having at least a trace of dreamlike qualities Cox  which agrees approximately with other results Mental activity in relaxed wakefulness and Fleisher Klinger Klinger  as well as there being wakinglike cognitive content in dreamsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Regarding the association of emotional arousal with goalrelated cues Interaction of emotion and cognition in word recall and Klinger  computed  participants intraindividual correlations between two kinds of their reactions to  words the words emotional arousal potential for them the strength of the subjects emotional reaction to the content of the word and the extent to which the word has to do with the subjects important concerns problems worries or goals that currently preoccupy the subject The two ratings were obtained in two different phases of the experiment separated by a distractor taskGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Interestingly Reversing the sequence reducing alcohol consumption by overcoming alcohol attentional bias and Cox  have worked out an intervention called the Alcohol Attention Control Treatment Program AACTP for reducing excessive drinkers bias toward processing alcohol cuesGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
I am unaware of specific evidence regarding this but there is suggestive evidence in experiments by Stimulus control applications to the treatment of worry et alGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Consistent with these findings Evaluative and generative modes of thought during the creative process et alGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Another sleep study Nikles et al  instructed  participants before they went to sleep to dream about a particular topic which sometimes was related to one of their individual goals as assessed by a modified Short Motivational Structure Questionnaire MSQ Measuring motivation the motivational structure questionnaire personal concerns inventory and their variants   and sometimes it was related to a different persons goalGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Frequent drinkers were slower to name the colors of alcoholrelated words and the amount of interference which is calculated as RT to alcohol words minus RT to neutral words is correlated with the amount of alcohol the participant normally consumed in a week Alcohol attentional bias as a predictor of alcohol abusers treatment outcome   This effect was largely independent of participants overall executive cognitive functioningGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There were a number of partial precedents for these findings SITs associated with medial prefrontal cortex  McGuire et al  similarity in activation patterns during rest and semantic retrieval Conceptual processing during the conscious resting state A functional MRI study et al  increased task difficulty leading a to increased deactivation of some regions associated with the defaultmode network  McKiernan et al  and b to decreased selfreported TUTs  McKiernan et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Also working memory capacity has been reported inversely associated with everyday mindwandering during resourcedemanding activities  For whom the mind wanders and when an experience sampling study of working memory and executive control in daily life et al  positively related to proportionally prospective mindwandering during an undemanding task  Baird et al  but unrelated to proportionally prospective mindwandering during demanding tasks  McVay et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
From at least Wilhelm Wundt a century ago to Lisa Feldman Barrett eg The relation between valence and arousal in subjective experience et al  arousal sometimes called activation and hedonic valence ie quality of the emotional response being aroused have been two fundamental dimensions of emotion or affectGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
Besides the observations that mindwandering was more frequent during relaxed states or work on undemanding tasks under these conditions selfgenerated thoughts were more often focused on the future than on the past Cox Smallwood et al bBaird et al Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
What mind wandering reveals about executive control abilities and failuress conceptualization eg What mind wandering reveals about executive control abilities and failures and McVay  on the other hand features proactive executive control that keeps people focused on their goal pursuits from which mindwandering distractsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There is extensive reason to believe that a sense that ones life is meaningful depends on having attractive attainable goals and that this is necessary for sustained mental health The search for meaning in evolutionary perspective and its clinical implicationsGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are large individual differences in the amount of time that people desire to spend in imaginative daydreaming Singer and Bonanno Singer Singer  Compulsive fantasy proposed evidence of an under reported syndrome through a systematic study of  self identified non normative fantasizers and Schupak  some valuing it as a resource for selfamusement and stimulation and others eager to reduce or eliminate it but unable to attain a daydreamfree stateGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
It is important not to confuse these findings with an impression sown by the title and summary of an article by A wandering mind is an unhappy mind and Gilbert  that mindwandering as such lowers moodGoal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
This nomological net is reviewed elsewhere Emotional influences on cognitive processing with implications for theories of both Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
There are numerous anecdotal reports of important creative insights attained during states that foster mindwandering eg Daydreaming Los Angeles Tarcher Putnam  Singer Goal Commitments and the content of thoughts and dreams basic principles
This choice prevents the lapse from deviating too much from unity which may have caused instabilities in earlier GHG evolutions Binary Black Hole Coalescence Physics of Relativistic Objects in Compact Binaries From Birth to Coalescence ed Colpi et al MThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
In particular the exterior spacetime should not be affected by completely removing a finite region around the singularity from the numerical evolution as long as the excised region remains inside the event horizon or as usually done in practice is located inside the apparent horizon AH Living Reviews in Relativity  gr on each hypersurface  t The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
The Einstein equations assume a natural hierarchy of  evolution equations  hypersurface equations relating variables inside the hypersurfaces  supplementary and  trivial equation for details see Living Reviews in Relativity  gr and references thereinThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
This is conveniently achieved with the canonical  split of the Einstein equations originally developed by The dynamics of general relativity Gravitation an introduction to current research ed Witten L Deser and Misner ADM The dynamics of general relativity Gravitation an introduction to current research ed Witten L and later reformulated by York  for a detailed review see The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
Codes based on the characteristic formulation have been applied with great success in the presence of special spacetime symmetries and indeed been the first to model single BH spacetimes with longterm stability Gravitational Radiation from Black Hole Spacetimes PhThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
We conclude here with a list of suggestions for further reading on the various topics whose surfaces have been scratched on the preceding pagesExtended books on the methodology of NR have been written by Introduction to   Numerical Relativity  Bona et alThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
ii The The Classical Theory of Fields th ed Course of Theoretical PhysicsLifshitz pseudo tensor The Classical Theory of Fields th ed Course of Theoretical Physics is constructed by mapping the curved physical spacetime onto an auxiliary flat spacetime with metric   The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
This is conveniently achieved with the canonical  split of the Einstein equations originally developed by Arnowitt Deser and Misner ADM  and later reformulated by The Initial Value Problem and The Initial Value Problem and for a detailed review see The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
The other formulation instrumental for the breakthroughs is based on the Sitzungsber equations in harmonic gauge Sitzungsber defined by the spacetime coordinates satisfying the condition x   g      The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
Harmonic coordinates have been used in the first proofs of the local uniqueness of the Cauchy problem in GR The cauchy problem Gravitation An Introduction to Current Research ed WittenThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
This type of slicing can be obtained for example using hyperbolic slicing K  const   and plays an important role in the socalled conformal field equations see Living Reviews in Relativity  URL and references therein but has to our knowledge not yet been applied successfully to simulate BH binariesThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
And yet their first steps into uncharted territory demonstrated a genuinely new alternative for the modeling of BHs even if few at the time would have predicted what kind of avalanche of numerical explorations had been kicked looseStarting in the late s the problem was reinvestigated in an effort initiated by DeWitt which led to PhD theses byadebybyade The structure of general relativity with a numerical illustration The collision of two black holes Ph and Eppley The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
And yet their first steps into uncharted territory demonstrated a genuinely new alternative for the modeling of BHs even if few at the time would have predicted what kind of avalanche of numerical explorations had been kicked looseStarting in the late s the problem was reinvestigated in an effort initiated by DeWitt which led to PhD theses byadebybyade Smarr and The numerical evolution of the collision of two black holes Ph The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
Their equalmass headon collisions predict a GW energy of about   of the total mass albeit with uncertainties of a factor a few for details see Gauge conditions radiation formulae and the two black hole collision Sources of Gravitational Radiation ed Smarr LThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
The next burst of efforts took place in the s much of it as part of the Binary Black Hole Grand Challenge Project The binary black hole grand challenge project Computational AstrophysicsThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
Under the assumption of cosmic censorship and certain energy conditions it can furthermore be shown that if a hypersurface  t contains an AH it will coincide or lie within the event horizons cross section with  t The Large Scale Structure of Space TimeThe numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
Under the assumption of cosmic censorship and certain energy conditions it can furthermore be shown that if a hypersurface  t contains an AH it will coincide or lie within the event horizons cross section with  t General Relativity The numerical relativity breakthrough for binary black holes
The stringency of the lower target is consistent with concurrent interpretations of the goal to keep global mean warming below  C  Greenhouse gas emission targets for limiting global warming to  C et alThe role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
Existing studies have shown that BECCS can be a key option for attaining stringent stabilization targets  The feasibility of low CO  concentration targets and the role of bio energy with carbon capture and storage BECCS  et alThe role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
For yet others it is a matter of assessing whether or not the political process could accept a solution for example carbon prices might be unacceptably highWe take the approach that it is most useful to report all available model results since any supposed technical or economic infeasibility can be assessed best in a comparison across model results see also Counting only the hits The risk of underestimating the costs of stringent climate policy and Tol The role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
The implications of alternative nearterm emissions targets for longterm climate goals are investigated by a concurrent study  Locked into Copenhagen pledges Implications of short term emission targets for the cost and feasibility of long term climate goals et al The role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
 but a clear picture about the role of individual mitigation technologies has yet to emerge Editors introduction the economics of technologies to combat global warming and Nordhaus The role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
Such measures partially describe the direct costs of mitigation but neither include climate benefits nor as adverse side effects and cobenefits of climate policy An integrated approach to energy sustainabilityThe role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
Key model comparison studies for instance include the previous EMF climatechangeoriented studies like the EMF study on carbon constraints and advanced energy technologies EMF  alternative technology strategies for climate change policy  the EMF study on nonCO  Kyoto gas mitigation  EMF  alternative technology strategies for climate change policy et alThe role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
 and the EMF study on climate control scenarios including phased participation  International climate policy architectures overview of the EMF  international scenarios et alThe role of technology for achieving climate policy objectives overview of the EMF  study on global technology and climate policy strategies
For example conscientiousness which is associated with persistence and selfdiscipline ChamarroPremuzic  Furnham  is correlated with academic performance but not with IQ suggesting conscientiousness may compensate for lower ability Personality intelligence and approaches to learning as predictors of academic performance amp Furnham A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Simpler implementations eg C limit each branch to value ranges from a single attribute making this a linear classifier with a further restriction that each condition is an axisparallel hyperplane  Introduction to data mining et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A key challenge for learning analytics is the need to develop capability to explore and identify data that will contribute to improving learning models including data not currently gathered systematically by tertiary education providers Learning dispositions and transferable competencies Pedagogy modelling and learning analytics amp Deakin Crick Tempelaar et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
For example models predicting academic performance that include factors of motivation eg selfefficacy goal setting with cognitive ability yield a lower error variance than models of cognitive ability alone particularly at tertiary level reviewed in Boekaerts Do psychosocial and study skill factors predict college outcomes A meta analysis et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It remains an active research topic Buckingham Shum amp Deakin Crick Exploring individual differences as determining factors in student academic achievement in higher education Komarraju Ramsey amp Rinella  indicating the inherent difficulty in both measurement of learning Knight Buckinham Shum amp Littleton Tempelaar et al  and modelling the learning process particularly in tertiary education A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Role of the big five personality traits in predicting college students academic motivation and achievement Karau and Schmeck  found significant correlation between intrinsic motivation and academic performance in a study of participants from a variety of disciplinesA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many researchers have cited conscientiousness as compensating for lower cognitive intelligence see ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham  and it is a consistent predictor of academic performance across assessment type Allick amp Realo Using multiple and specific criteria to assess the predictive validity of the big five personality factors on academic performance amp van der Flier Shute amp Ventura A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Achievement motivation goals in relation to academic performance in traditional and non traditional college students and Harju  found that correlations between academic performance and SAT scores were not as strong for mature studentsA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Learning style deep or shallow and selfregulated learning strategies are also relevant and have been shown to mediate between other factors such as factors of personality and factors of motivation and academic performance  Biggs et al Contrasting Perspectives in Learning Swanberg amp Martinsen A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Openness which is associated with curiosity can be indicative of a deep learning style Personality approaches to learning and achievement amp Martinsen A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Such achievement goals fall into two categories performance goals where an individual is looking for favourable feedback and learning goals where an individual desires to increase competency Goal theory motivation and school achievement An integrative review Dweck Dweck amp Leggett Eccles amp Wigfield Eppler amp Harju A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Indirect relationships between selfefficacy and academic performance mediated either by other motivational factors or learning strategies are also cited Statistical modelling The two cultures Yusuf A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Temperament Definition and Relevance to Academic PerformanceTheories of temperament focus on aspects of personality discernible at birth Boeree Paradigm shift to the integrative big five trait taxonomy History measurement and conceptual issues et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Openness conscientiousness and intrinsic motivation are correlated with a deep learning approach while neuroticism agreeableness and extrinsic motivation are associated with a shallow learning approach  Busato et al The relationship between personality approach to learning and academic performance et al Marton amp Slj A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
The wide range of analytical techniques used in data mining emanate from a variety of disciplines including database systems statistics machine learning visualization logic spatial analysis signal processing image analysis information retrieval and natural language processing thereby making data mining itself a diverse interdisciplinary field of study Data mining concepts and techniques amp Kamber A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES USED ON EDUCATIONAL DATAStatistical models have dominated data analysis in the social sciences including educational psychology Dekker et al Freedman Estimating student retention and degree completion time Decision trees and neural networks vis vis regression A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Such achievement goals fall into two categories performance goals where an individual is looking for favourable feedback and learning goals where an individual desires to increase competency Covington Motivational processes affecting learning Motivational processes affecting learning amp Leggett Eccles amp Wigfield Eppler amp Harju A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In a later study Self efficacy and academic achievement Why do implicit beliefs goals and effort regulation matter  and Nadler  found the correlation between intrinsic motivation and GPA was not significant when using a shorter item scale to measure intrinsic motivation the Motivated Strategies for Learning Questionnaire MSLQ Pintrich et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A key challenge for learning analytics is the need to develop capability to explore and identify data that will contribute to improving learning models including data not currently gathered systematically by tertiary education providers Buckingham Shum amp Deakin Crick Formative assessment and learning analytics et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It has been argued that this is one factor represented as a continuum from an intrinsic behaviouroriented state to an extrinsic goaloriented state Reversal theory Motivation emotion and personality Atherton Entwhistle A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Research into personality traits specifically the BIG  factors of openness conscientiousness extroversion agreeableness and neuroticism and their impact on academic achievement in tertiary education suggests some personality factors are indicative of potential academic achievement ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Unraveling the impact of the big five personality traits on academic performance The moderating and mediating effects of self efficacy and academic motivation et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Studies have varied in their perspective of personality with diverse views on the relevant traits to be considered as measures of temperament such as factors of persistence factors relating to motivation andor moral factors such as honesty  Personality in learning and education A review amp Schouwenburg A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
There are two strands of expectancy motivation Eccles amp Wigfield Motivational and self regulated learning components of classroom academic performance amp DeGroot  A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
INTRODUCTIONIt is increasingly evident that significant numbers of college students do not complete the courses in which they enrol particularly courses with lower entry requirements ACT A study of progression in higher education A report by the higher education authority et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
However such models are based on assumptions including assumptions of normality independency linear additively and constant variance  Statistical analysis and data mining applications et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Important factors include learning style eg Bruinsma ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Diseth Sins et al  and selfregulation eg Nasiriyan et al The reciprocal relationship between motivation and self regulation A longitudinal study on academic performance amp Downing A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
 ACT tests are based on high school curriculum in English Mathematics Reading and Science wwwactorg SAT measures general intelligence in addition to maths and verbal subscales Scholastic assessment or g The relationship between the scholastic assessment test and general cognitive ability amp Detterman A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Temperament Definition and Relevance to Academic PerformanceTheories of temperament focus on aspects of personality discernible at birth Personality theories John et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
If this assumption is invalid conditional probabilities between attributes can be modelled as a Bayesian Network A Bayesian approach to predict performance of a student BAPPS A case with Ethiopian students amp Menzel A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
There are two strands of expectancy motivation Motivation beliefs values and goals amp Wigfield Pintrich amp DeGroot  A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Cognitive and affective variables in academic learning The significance of direction and effort in students goals  found the importance of learning approach varied with assessment typeA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It then applies Bayes theorem to estimate the probability of class membership for any given combination of attribute values On discriminative vs generative classifiers A comparison of logistic regression and Na ve Bayes amp Jordon A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
BKT models the probability that a student has learned a skill based on the estimated likelihood that a correct answer is either a guess or knowledge learned and an incorrect answer is either a slip or lack of knowledge  Ensembling predictions of student knowledge within intelligent tutoring systems et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES USED ON EDUCATIONAL DATAStatistical models have dominated data analysis in the social sciences including educational psychology Dekker et al As others see us A case study in path analysis Herzog A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Classification Algorithms Used on Educational DataA Decision Tree DT algorithm identifies patterns in a dataset as conditions represented visually as a decision tree Simplifying decision trees A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Factors affecting academic performance have been the focus of research for many years Individual differences and undergraduate academic success The roles of personality intelligence and application amp Woodfield Lent Brown amp Hacket Moran amp Crowley A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Selfregulated learningSelfregulated learning is recognized as a complex concept that overlaps with a number of other concepts including temperament learning approach and motivation specifically selfefficacy and goal setting The relationship between the big five model of personality and selfregulated learning strategies amp Dai Boekaerts A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A metaanalysis of a range of studies recorded correlations varying between  and   Social cognitive predictors of college students academic performance and persistence A meta analytic path analysis et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A number of studies identified selfefficacy as a useful predictor of academic performance BradyAmoon amp Fuertes Cassidy The impact of self efficacy achievement motivation and self regulated learning strategies on students academic achievement A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Cognitive Ability How It Is Measured and Its Correlation with Academic PerformanceCognitive ability tests were originally developed to identify low academic achievers Straight talk about mental tests Munzert A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many researchers have cited conscientiousness as compensating for lower cognitive intelligence see ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham  and it is a consistent predictor of academic performance across assessment type Allick amp Realo Kappe amp van der Flier Stealth assessment Measuring and supporting learning in video games amp Ventura A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Selfregulated learners take responsibility for setting and achieving their own learning goals by planning their learning having effective time management using appropriate learning strategies continually monitoring and evaluating the quality of their own learning and altering their learning strategies when required  Schunk Self regulated learning and academic achievement An overview A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many data mining algorithms have implementations adapted for this bigdata environment for example Decision Tree BenHaim amp TomTov  kNN  Liang et al  Neural Networks  Gu et al  SVM and regression  Parallelization with multiplicative algorithms for big data mining et al  and supporting tools are available Prekopcsk et al  facilitating quick analysis and feedback Siemens amp Long A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Data mining is a relatively young field that has evolved primarily to aid the extraction of information from the vast amounts of data accumulated in databases and data repositories in many domains  Discovering knowledge in data An introduction to data mining A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Such learners must also accept delayed gratification as selfregulation requires students to focus on longterm gains for their effort Bembenutty Komarraju amp Nadler Homework practices and academic achievement The mediating role of self efficacy and perceived responsibility beliefs Homework practices and academic achievement The mediating role of self efficacy and perceived responsibility beliefs amp Kitsantas A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many data mining algorithms have implementations adapted for this bigdata environment for example Decision Tree BenHaim amp TomTov  kNN  A CUDA based parallel implementation of k nearest neighbor algorithm et al  Neural Networks  Gu et al  SVM and regression  Luo et al  and supporting tools are available Prekopcsk et al  facilitating quick analysis and feedback Siemens amp Long A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Cognitive Ability How It Is Measured and Its Correlation with Academic PerformanceCognitive ability tests were originally developed to identify low academic achievers Jensen Test Your IQ A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Optimising ITS behaviour with Bayesian networks and decision theory and Mitrovic  argue that Bayesian networks are particularly suited to student models because of the inherent uncertainty in interpreting student behaviour and the incompleteness of any dataset attempting to capture all factors relevant to classifying studentsA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Learning is a latent variable typically measured as academic performance in assessment work and examinations Design and discovery in educational assessment Evidence centered design psychometrics and educational data mining Behrens amp Dicerbo A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Similarly Educational data mining A case study and Yacef  achieved high accuracy using a decision tree to predict exam performance based on a single student vector aggregated from their behaviour on an ITSA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Openness conscientiousness and intrinsic motivation are correlated with a deep learning approach while neuroticism agreeableness and extrinsic motivation are associated with a shallow learning approach  Busato et al Duff et al Approaches to Learning amp Slj A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Recently the CattellHornCarroll CHC theory of cognitive abilities has gained recognition as a taxonomy of cognitive intelligence CHC theory and the human cognitive abilities project Standing on the shoulders of the giants of psychometric intelligence research A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Demographic data such as age and gender have been cited as significant Creativity age and gender as predictors of academic achievement among undergraduate students et al  as are data gathered from learner activity on online learning systems  Bayer et al Lpez et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It is notable that correlations between general intelligence and academic performance are stronger at secondary school level than in tertiary level education  Bartels et al Cassidy Colom amp FloresMendoza Eysenck The intellectual caliber of medical students amp Goldstein A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Factors affecting academic performance have been the focus of research for many years Farsides amp Woodfield Lent Brown amp Hacket The leaving certificate and first year university performance amp Crowley A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Intelligence as developing expertise  asserts that intelligence tests measure a developing expertise rather than a stable attribute and the typically high correlation between intelligence scores and academic performance is because they measure the same skill set rather than developing a causal relationshipA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Important factors include learning style eg Bruinsma ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Diseth Sins et al  and selfregulation eg A model of self efficacy task value achievement goals effort and mathematics achievement et al Ning amp Downing A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Nonetheless NNs performance has been found to be comparable with other statistical approaches particularly when approximating complex patterns based on numeric input values Comparison of artificial neural networks with other statistical approaches Conference on Prognostic Factors and Staging Cancer Management Groth A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Motivation and Correlations with Academic PerformanceRyan and Deci  define motivation simply as being moved to do something Defining how learners are motivated to behave in a certain way and more specifically to learn is more complex and is characterized by a range of complementary theories that aim to explain both the level of individual motivation and the nature of the motivation Integrating theories of motivation amp Konig A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
While the Big Five concept is empirical rather than a theory of personality Measuring the big five personality factors  good reliability and consistency has been reported  de Raad amp Schouwenburg John et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Some studies show higher correlations between academic performance and a deep learning approach eg ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Approaches to learning of student nurses  while others cite marginally higher correlations with a strategic learning approach eg Cassidy Duff et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Important factors include learning style eg Bruinsma ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Diseth Motivation and performance within a collaborative computer based modeling task Relations between students achievement goal orientation self efficacy cognitive processing and achievement et al  and selfregulation eg Nasiriyan et al Ning amp Downing A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
This nondeterministic model of the data can represent more complex nonlinear class boundaries Otero amp Snchez Generation of a probabilistic fuzzy rule base by learning from examples et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many data mining algorithms have implementations adapted for this bigdata environment for example Decision Tree BenHaim amp TomTov  kNN  Liang et al  Neural Networks  Gu et al  SVM and regression  Luo et al  and supporting tools are available Prekopcsk et al  facilitating quick analysis and feedback Penetrating the fog Analytics in learning and education amp Long A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
As a result the application of data analytics to educational settings is emerging as an evolving and growing research discipline Sachin amp Vijay Learning analytics and educational data mining Towards communication and collaboration amp Baker  with the primary aim of exploring the value of such data in providing learning professionals and students with actionable information that could be used to enhance the learning environment Learning analytics and educational data mining Towards communication and collaboration Chatti et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Subfactors of openness namely intellectual curiosity creativity and openmindedness have been associated with effective thinking and learning dispositions Buckingham Shum amp Deakin Crick Teaching thinking disposition From transmission to enculturation Theory into Practice Jay amp Perkins A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Selfregulated learners take responsibility for setting and achieving their own learning goals by planning their learning having effective time management using appropriate learning strategies continually monitoring and evaluating the quality of their own learning and altering their learning strategies when required  Commentary on self regulation in school contexts Learning and Instruction Zimmerman A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
BradyAmoon and Fuertes  attribute their insignificant correlation r n to the fact that study participants included a more diverse group of students from a variety of ethnic backgrounds thereby supporting the findings of Prediction of four year college student performance using cognitive and noncognitive predictors and the impact on demographic status of admitted students et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
As a result the application of data analytics to educational settings is emerging as an evolving and growing research discipline A survey and future vision of data mining in educational field amp Vijay Siemens amp Baker  with the primary aim of exploring the value of such data in providing learning professionals and students with actionable information that could be used to enhance the learning environment Siemens Chatti et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In addition including psychometric data in models of learning can provide useful feedback on the learning dispositions that assessment design rewards  On instructional utility statistical methodology and the added value of ECD Lessons learned from the special issue et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Algorithms typically used on educational data include the following a clustering techniques to identify homogenous subgroups in a dataset b association analysis to identify values that frequently cooccur c classification techniques to build models that predict membership of predefined classes in a dataset and d visual analytics to facilitate human analysis via interactive visual representations of the data Baelpler amp Murdoch Educational data mining A survey from  to amp Ventura A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
There is a consensus across studies that conscientiousness is the best personalitybased predictor of academic performance OConnor amp Paunonen Swanberg amp Martinsen Meta analysis of the relationship between the big five and academic success at university Zeitschrift fur Psychologie et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It is evident from current knowledge of the factors influencing academic performance that such factors are interdependent  Learning analytics Challenges paradoxes and opportunities for mega open distance learning institutions et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Test results for an individual across a range of cognitive measures tend to correlate providing good evidence for a single measure of intelligence Jensen Academic performance career potential creativity and job performance Can one construct predict them all  Hezlett amp Ones A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In a later study Komarraju and Nadler  found the correlation between intrinsic motivation and GPA was not significant when using a shorter item scale to measure intrinsic motivation the Motivated Strategies for Learning Questionnaire MSLQ A manual for the use of the motivated strategies for learning questionnaire et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
This nondeterministic model of the data can represent more complex nonlinear class boundaries Induction of descriptive fuzzy classifiers with the logitboost algorithm amp Snchez Tang et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
There is a consensus across studies that conscientiousness is the best personalitybased predictor of academic performance Big five personality predictors of post secondary academic performance Swanberg amp Martinsen Trapmann et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
These are commonly referred to as the Big Five Cattell amp Mead Goldberg Goldberg  Recurrent personality factors based on trait ratings amp Cristal  or the related FiveFactor Model Costa amp McCrae A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In addition When self efficacy negatively relates to motivation and performance in a learning context and Kendall  found evidence that high levels of selfefficacy can lead to overconfidence regarding exam preparedness which in turn can have a negative impact on academic performanceA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
While many factors are associated with temperament factor analysis by a number of researchers working independently and using different approaches has resulted in broad agreement of five main personality dimensions Intelligence personality and interests Evidence for overlapping traits amp Heggestad Boeree John et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It remains an active research topic Buckingham Shum amp Deakin Crick Cassidy Cognitive and non cognitive predictors of college readiness and performance Role academic discipline Ramsey amp Rinella  indicating the inherent difficulty in both measurement of learning Knight Buckinham Shum amp Littleton Tempelaar et al  and modelling the learning process particularly in tertiary education A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A number of studies identified selfefficacy as a useful predictor of academic performance Self efficacy self rated abilities adjustment and academic performance amp Fuertes Cassidy Yusuf A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
kNearest Neighbour kNN uses instances from the original dataset to classify a new row of data and so works with the full dataset rather than a generalized model  Tan et al Nearest neighbour pattern classification amp Hart A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A Support Vector Machine SVM models class membership by approximating a hyperplane that defines a linear boundary between two classes Support vector networks amp Vapnik A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It is notable that correlations between general intelligence and academic performance are stronger at secondary school level than in tertiary level education  Bartels et al Cassidy Intelligence predicts scholastic achievement irrespective of SES factors Evidence from Brazil amp FloresMendoza Eysenck Matarazzo amp Goldstein A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many constructs and frameworks exist for learning styles instructional preference information processing style and cognitive personality style see Should we be using learning styles What research has to say to practice Learning and Skills Research Centre et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
As a result the application of data analytics to educational settings is emerging as an evolving and growing research discipline Sachin amp Vijay Siemens amp Baker  with the primary aim of exploring the value of such data in providing learning professionals and students with actionable information that could be used to enhance the learning environment Siemens A reference model for learning analytics et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
For example Personality predicts academic performance Evidence from two longitudinal university samples and Furnham  and Breiman  found motivation was a mediator between conscientiousness and performance while Komarraju et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
These are commonly referred to as the Big Five The Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire PF  amp Mead Goldberg Goldberg  Tupes amp Cristal  or the related FiveFactor Model Costa amp McCrae A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Openness conscientiousness and intrinsic motivation are correlated with a deep learning approach while neuroticism agreeableness and extrinsic motivation are associated with a shallow learning approach  The relation between learning styles the Big Five personality traits and achievement motivation in higher education et al Duff et al Marton amp Slj A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Important factors include learning style eg Motivation cognitive processing and achievement in higher education ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham Diseth Sins et al  and selfregulation eg Nasiriyan et al Ning amp Downing A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Less restrictive implementations can incorporate a greater range of patterns eg CART Classification and regression trees et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Ensembles aggregate the predictions of a collection of classification models Bagging predictors Banfield et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
For example models predicting academic performance that include factors of motivation eg selfefficacy goal setting with cognitive ability yield a lower error variance than models of cognitive ability alone particularly at tertiary level reviewed in Bringing about change in the classroom Strengths and weaknesses of the selfregulated learning approach EARLI presidential address Centre for the Study of Education and Instruction Robbins et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In a longitudinal study on the causal dilemma between motivation and selfregulation Chicken or the egg Longitudinal analysis of the causal dilemma between goal orientation self regulation and cognitive processing strategies in higher education et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Selfregulated learning is recognized as a complex concept that overlaps with a number of other concepts including temperament learning approach and motivation specifically selfefficacy and goal setting Bidjerano amp Dai Self regulated learning at the junction of cognition and motivation A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Learning style deep or shallow and selfregulated learning strategies are also relevant and have been shown to mediate between other factors such as factors of personality and factors of motivation and academic performance  The revised two factor study process questionnaire R SPQ F et al Entwhistle Swanberg amp Martinsen A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Statistical and machine learning models to predict programming performance  found that adding selfefficacy and study hours improved model accuracy but due to the small sample size n could not draw reliable conclusions from the findingsA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Such learners must also accept delayed gratification as selfregulation requires students to focus on longterm gains for their effort Academic delay of gratification self regulation of learning gender differences and expectancy value Komarraju amp Nadler Zimmerman Zimmerman amp Kitsantas A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Demographic data such as age and gender have been cited as significant Naderi et al  as are data gathered from learner activity on online learning systems  Predicting drop out from social behaviour of students et al Lpez et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It is notable that correlations between general intelligence and academic performance are stronger at secondary school level than in tertiary level education  Heritability of educational achievement in  year olds and the overlap with cognitive ability et al Cassidy Colom amp FloresMendoza Eysenck Matarazzo amp Goldstein A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Ensembles aggregate the predictions of a collection of classification models Breiman A comparison of ensemble creation techniques Multiple Classifier Systems et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many publications on student modelling focus on log data gathered from Virtual Learning Environments VLEs hosting educational resources and student interaction or Intelligent Tutoring Systems ITS aimed towards curriculum adaptation to each learner by monitoring progress and measuring skill levels The state of educational data mining in  A review and future visions amp Yacef Tempelaar et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It has been argued that this is one factor represented as a continuum from an intrinsic behaviouroriented state to an extrinsic goaloriented state Apter Learning and teaching Motivation Entwhistle A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
The unique focus is to facilitate and inform early engagement with students potentially at risk of failing eg Course signals at Purdue Using learning analytics to increase student success amp Pistilli Laura et al A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Many researchers have cited conscientiousness as compensating for lower cognitive intelligence see ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham  and it is a consistent predictor of academic performance across assessment type Intelligence academic abilities and personality amp Realo Kappe amp van der Flier Shute amp Ventura A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
These are commonly referred to as the Big Five Cattell amp Mead Goldberg Goldberg  Tupes amp Cristal  or the related FiveFactor Model Revised NEO personality inventory NEO PI R and NEO Five Factor inventory NEO FFI Professional manual amp McCrae A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Introverts tend to have better study habits and are less easily distracted The relationship between personality study methods and academic performance amp The relationship between personality study methods and academic performance  as cited in ChamorroPremuzic amp Furnham  pA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Rulebased classifiers implement a depth first search decision trees implement a breath first search Performance comparison of rule based classification algorithms amp Toshniwal A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
These are commonly referred to as the Big Five Cattell amp Mead The structure of phenotypic personality traits  Tupes amp Cristal  or the related FiveFactor Model Costa amp McCrae A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Neuroticism can have a negative impact on academic performance in stressful examination conditions such as endofyear exams with time limitations Correlates causes effects and treatment of test anxiety A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
 while extroverts tend to perform better in class participation oral exams seminar presentations and multiplechoice style questions Personality correlates of academic seminar behaviour A study of four instruments amp Medhurst Kappe amp van der Flier A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In an analysis of a range of IQ studies measuring trends across two generations Massive IQ gains in  nations What IQ tests really measure  identified a significant rise in IQ from one generation to the nextA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
In addition to general cognitive intelligence there is widespread evidence for a multidimensional construct of intelligence comprising of a range of subfactors Interpreting intelligence tests from contemporary gf gc theory Joint confirmatory factor analysis of the WJ R and KAIT in a non white sample amp McGrew A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
It is notable that correlations between general intelligence and academic performance are stronger at secondary school level than in tertiary level education  Bartels et al Cassidy Colom amp FloresMendoza Test Your IQ London Thorsons Matarazzo amp Goldstein A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Nonetheless NNs performance has been found to be comparable with other statistical approaches particularly when approximating complex patterns based on numeric input values Sargent A parallel computing platform for training large scale neural networks A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
Tertiary education providers collect an everincreasing volume of data on their students particularly activity data from virtual learning environments and other online resources The pulse of learning analytics Understandings and expectations from the stakeholders amp Greller A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
A similar proportion of variance  was reported by Which factors best account for academic success Those which college students can control or those they cannot et alA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
While SVMs are limited to numeric attributes and binary classification tasks Comparison of the performance of five common classifiers represented as boundary methods Euclidean distance to centroids linear discriminant analysis quadratic discriminant analysis learning vector quantization and support vector machines as dependent on data structure  found SVMs outperformed other learners when modelling datasets that are not normally distributedA Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES USED ON EDUCATIONAL DATA Statistical models have dominated data analysis in the social sciences including educational psychology Predicting students drop out A case study et al Freedman Herzog A Review of Psychometric Data Analysis and Applications
One might also repeat the analysis presented here for the action involving a matter field considered in A general class of holographic superconductorsScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
A proposal on how to calculate the superconducting characteristic length analytically in the vicinity of QCP was suggested in Characteristic length of an ads cft superconductorScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
According to the model of holographic superconductivity proposed in Building a Holographic Superconductor one can study strongly coupled swave superconductors at a finite temperature and chemical potential by considering a gravitational theory with an action which has a black hole solutionScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The authors of Holographic Superconductors with Various Condensates showed that superconductivity is possible for a scalar field of various masses in d   and d   bulk dimensionsScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The effects of gravitational backreaction were considered and a study made for m  l    of the type of the holographic superconductors in Holographic SuperconductorsScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
So far there has not been any work which discusses the relationship between the physical quantities associated with the model and the scaling dimensions of the dual condensatesThe objective here is to go beyond the extension of the model already discussed in  and to include a wider range of values of m   satisfying the BrietenlohnerFreedman BF stability bound Stability in gauge extended supergravity and the unitarity boundScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
For example the authors of Critical magnetic field in a holographic superconductor mapped the phase diagram of the holographic superconductors in the presence of an external magnetic fieldScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The stability of AdS vacuum requires that the scalar field of negative mass squared must satisfy the BF bound  m   d   and in general the unitarity bound AdS CFT correspondence and symmetry breaking   d  Scanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The effects of gravitational backreaction were considered and a study made for m  l    of the type of the holographic superconductors in Low temperature behavior of the Abelian Higgs model in anti de Sitter spaceScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The AdSCFT dictionary Anti de Sitter space and holography relates the constant coefficients of the asymptotic solutions equation  to physical quantities in the boundary theoryScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The AdSCFT dictionary Gauge theory correlators from non critical string theory relates the constant coefficients of the asymptotic solutions equation  to physical quantities in the boundary theoryScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
Equation  is solved with an ingoing wave boundary condition Minkowski space correlators in AdS CFT correspondence Recipe and applications near the horizon of the black hole in order to suppress near horizon oscillationsA x z  hz iT A x zScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The effect of a vector current on the order of the phase transition was explored in Supercurrent Vector hair for an ads black holeScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The hydrodynamics of holographic superconductors was studied in detail in Hydrodynamics of Holographic SuperconductorsScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
IntroductionThe correspondence between gravitational theories in antide Sitter spacetime and certain quantum field theories The large N limit of superconformal field theories and supergravity provides a unique way in which to study the strongly coupled sector of many quantum field theoriesScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
This remarkable result from string theory has allowed some insight Viscosity in strongly interacting quantum field theories from black hole physics to be gained into why the quarkgluon plasma produced at the relativistic heavy ion collider RHIC behaves like an almost perfect fluid  in contrast to the prediction of a high viscosity by perturbative quantum chromodynamics QCD Scanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
For example the authors of A Holographic Superconductor in an External Magnetic Field mapped the phase diagram of the holographic superconductors in the presence of an external magnetic fieldScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
In this set up the symmetry breaking in the bulk theory which corresponds to a quantum phase transition to the superconducting phase in the boundary theory is triggered by a position dependent negative mass squared formed from the gauge covariant derivative Breaking an Abelian gauge symmetry near a black hole horizonScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The no hair theorem does not apply if the scalar field has a nontrivial coupling to the gauge field Phase transitions near black hole horizonsScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
It is understood Quantum critical phenomena that a quantum field theoretic description of condensed matter systems is possible in the vicinity of the quantum critical point QCP where the relevant scale invariant theories are similar to field theories describing secondorder phase transitions for example GinzburgLandau theoryScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
It is understood Quantum Phase Transitions that a quantum field theoretic description of condensed matter systems is possible in the vicinity of the quantum critical point QCP where the relevant scale invariant theories are similar to field theories describing secondorder phase transitions for example GinzburgLandau theoryScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
Phenomena such as the Hall effect and the Nernst effect appear to have their dual gravitational descriptions Hall conductivity from dyonic black holesScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
Phenomena such as the Hall effect and the Nernst effect appear to have their dual gravitational descriptions Theory of the Nernst effect near quantum phase transitions in condensed matter and in dyonic black holesScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
Phenomena such as the Hall effect and the Nernst effect appear to have their dual gravitational descriptions Ohm s Law at strong coupling S duality and the cyclotron resonanceScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
This remarkable result from string theory has allowed some insight  to be gained into why the quarkgluon plasma produced at the relativistic heavy ion collider RHIC behaves like an almost perfect fluid  in contrast to the prediction of a high viscosity by perturbative quantum chromodynamics QCD TRANSVERSE INTERACTIONS AND TRANSPORT IN RELATIVISTIC QUARK GLUON AND ELECTROMAGNETIC PLASMASScanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
This remarkable result from string theory has allowed some insight  to be gained into why the quarkgluon plasma produced at the relativistic heavy ion collider RHIC behaves like an almost perfect fluid Conformal Relativistic Viscous Hydrodynamics Applications to RHIC results at s N N GeV in contrast to the prediction of a high viscosity by perturbative quantum chromodynamics QCD Scanning the Parameter Space of Holographic Superconductors
The low end of the metallicity range might reache Z   Z according to the preliminary results in Proc Annual meeting of the French Society of Astronomy and Astrophysics et alInsights into thermonuclear supernovae from the incomplete Siburning process
It is to be expected that the set of SNIa for which a detailed chemical composition of the ejecta is available will increase steadily in the next several yearsAn alternative way to gain knowledge about the chemical structure of the ejecta is through studying young supernova remnants Proc National Academy of Science Insights into thermonuclear supernovae from the incomplete Siburning process
While there are a number of refactoring tools available for Erlang programs such as Wrangler Refactoring tools for functional languages and RefactorErl  the number of refactorings for retrofitting concurrency is limitedSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
While there are a number of refactoring tools available for Erlang programs such as Wrangler A User extensible Refactoring Tool for Erlang Programs and RefactorErl  the number of refactorings for retrofitting concurrency is limitedSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Other work on loop parallelisation Parallelizing more Loops with Compiler Guided Refactoring notes the importance of user input into the parallelisation processWork on parallelisation of functional programs has typically taken two routesSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
In particular Wranglers API and DSL support for scripting is used in ParTE to build refactorings Paraphrasing Generating Parallel Programs Using Refactoring whereas RefactorErls program analysis support is used to find parallelisable code candidatesSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Detecting where more parallelism should be introduced to an Erlang application is supported by profiling tools such as Percept Multicore profiling for Erlang programs using percept and etop Safe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Wrangler A Domain Specific Language for Scripting Refactorings in Erlang httpsgithubcomRefactoringToolsWrangler is an interactive refactoring and code inspection tool for Erlang developed by the authorsSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
PEPM  January Refactoring via Program Slicing and Sliding modify or reuse parallelisationrelated refactorings are mostly performancedriven furthermore some parallelisation refactorings might well make code harder to understandSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
PEPM  January Dynamic Slicing of Parallel Message Passing Programs modify or reuse parallelisationrelated refactorings are mostly performancedriven furthermore some parallelisation refactorings might well make code harder to understandSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Working within parallel languages such as x which embodies the partitioned global address space PGAS model some work has been done in loop parallelisation  and while these are not included in the main release there have been some experiments in parallelisation in the Fortran refactoring tool Photran Refactorings for Fortran and High performance ComputingSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Working within parallel languages such as x which embodies the partitioned global address space PGAS model some work has been done in loop parallelisation Towards Concurrency Refactoring for x and while these are not included in the main release there have been some experiments in parallelisation in the Fortran refactoring tool Photran Safe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Wrangler supports user extension Let s Make Refactoring Tools Userextensible  in two complementary waysSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Context sensitive Slicing of Concurrent Programs in Context sensitive Slicing of Concurrent Programs he proposes a contextsensitive approach to slicing concurrent programsSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
In common with our observation for Erlang A Refactoring Approach to Parallelism notes that unlike sequential refactoring refactoring for parallelism is likely to make the code more complex more expensive to maintain and less portableSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Alternatively programs can be targeted at specialised hardware such as GPUs A Refactoring Tool to Extract GPU Kernels and multicore systems Safe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Ettingers study was not concerned about concurrencyIn Slicing Concurrent Programs A Graph Theoretical Approach JSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Alternatively programs can be targeted at specialised hardware such as GPUs  and multicore systems A Program Transformation Framework for Multicore Software ReengineeringSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Introduction Erlang Erlang Programming is a functional programming language with builtin support for concurrency based on sharenothing processes and asynchronous message passingSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
Introduction Erlang Programming Erlang Pragmatic Bookshelf is a functional programming language with builtin support for concurrency based on sharenothing processes and asynchronous message passingSafe Concurrency Introduction through Slicing
This formal correspondence between complex instances and simpler manifestations of a problem seems to match well with an observation from problemsolving and reasoning experiments with human participants Different forms of reductions from complex to simpler but still solutionequivalent problems are reported to be pervasive and crucial in many human problem solving scenarios see eg Cognitive Psychology and Its ImplicationsIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
A growing number of researchers in these fields argues that humans in their common sense reasoning do not apply any fullfledged form of logical or probabilistic and thus intractable reasoning to possibly highly complex problems but rather rely on mechanisms that reduce the latter to equivalent simpler ones see eg Heuristics The Foundation of Adaptive BehaviorIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Indeed a number of studies with more explicit representation of temporal and spatial issues have suggested that there may be roles for hydrogen in balancing demand and supply in systems with significant intermittent renewables The production of hydrogen fuel from renewable sources and its role in grid operationsPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Characterising key uncertainties and possibilities in hydrogen transitions insights from the literature and from stakeholdersIn order to identify key uncertainties and possibilities for hydrogen energy in the UK we reviewed the literature Scenarios backcasts forecasts and visions of a hydrogen economy back to the hydrogen futures literature ran a stakeholder workshop  and conducted stakeholder interviews and participant observation at hydrogen stakeholder eventsPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Evidence from energy systems analysis suggests that the desirability of hydrogen as a decarbonisation option depends strongly on success in bringing down costs for both fuel cell technologies and hydrogen production delivery and storage systems Decarbonising the UK Energy System Accelerated Development of Low Carbon Energy Supply TechnologiesPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
A review of these studies suggests some conclusionsThe scale of early infrastructure provision can be very important with initial infrastructure availability proving very important in several studies Market penetration of fuel cell vehicles Analysis based on agent behaviourPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Many studies examine the distribution of trips Electric vehicles How much range is required for a day s driving  and find that the majority of trips are well within the range of a limitedrange BEV egPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Technological uncertainties have been studied using a wide range of tools including energy system models  system dynamics and agentbased models Learning by doing learning spillovers and the diffusion of fuel cell vehicles and a number of technoeconomic studies  and are relatively well characterizedPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Technological uncertainties have been studied using a wide range of tools including energy system models  system dynamics and agentbased models A percolation model of eco innovation diffusion The relationship between diffusion learning economies and subsidies and a number of technoeconomic studies  and are relatively well characterizedPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Evidence from energy systems analysis suggests that the desirability of hydrogen as a decarbonisation option depends strongly on success in bringing down costs for both fuel cell technologies and hydrogen production delivery and storage systems Market penetration analysis of fuel cell vehicles in Japan by using the energy system model MARKALPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
The political dynamics of energy transitions have been neglected in studies of transitions to low carbon energy systems A dynamic conceptualization of power for sustainability research but it is clear that there will be losersPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
The political dynamics of energy transitions have been neglected in studies of transitions to low carbon energy systems Who is in Charge here Governance for Sustainable Development in a but it is clear that there will be losersPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Argentinas national programme to promote CNG vehicles relied on price controls on fuel and has been relatively successful despite almost no government involvement in infrastructure provision The co evolution of alternative fuel infrastructure and vehicles A study of the experience of Argentina with compressed natural gasPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Using the ESME model The Role of Hydrogen in Future UK Energy Systems Presentation at Generating the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Society conference has suggested that there may be roles for hydrogen in interseasonal storage of renewable energy The Role of Hydrogen in Future UK Energy Systems Presentation at Generating the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Society conferencePossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Under technologically optimistic assumptions hydrogen becomes cost effective and plays a significant role in road transport Hydrogen transitions in the UK An economic appraisal from an energy systems perspective Poster presented at the World Hydrogen Energy ConferencePossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
A review of these studies suggests some conclusionsThe scale of early infrastructure provision can be very important with initial infrastructure availability proving very important in several studies Modeling technology diffusion of complementary goods The case of hydrogen vehicles and refueling infrastructurePossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
However the cost of driving on natural gas is substantially below that of gasoline in many European countries but this has not driven a transition in vehicle technology Natural gas vehicles An option for Europe perhaps because of the perceived inferiority of CNG vehicles or because of the lack of infrastructurePossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
The literature indicates that uptake can be rapid where the economics of alternative fuels are attractive typically as a result of fuel or vehicle subsidies leading to good payback times Making markets for hydrogen vehicles Lessons from LPGPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
An empirical analysis on the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles The case of natural gas vehicles shows that uptake of CNG and LPG has been significant in places with significant urban pollution problems where local government regulatory decisions have been decisivePossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
In the US the major policy drivers for alternative fuels have largely come from federal governments with limited success Transition to hydrogen based transportation in China Lessons learned from alternative fuel vehicle programs in the United States and ChinaPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Existing trials in the UK suggest that in the absence of appropriate pricing structures or smart controls consumers are most likely to charge their vehicles at peak times Insights from California field test of fuel cell and battery electric vehicles such as when returning from work in the eveningPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Existing trials in the UK suggest that in the absence of appropriate pricing structures or smart controls consumers are most likely to charge their vehicles at peak times Midlands hydrogen vehicles and filling stations such as when returning from work in the eveningPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Many studies examine the distribution of trips Predicting the market potential of plug in electric vehicles using multiday GPS data and find that the majority of trips are well within the range of a limitedrange BEV egPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
Evidence from energy systems analysis suggests that the desirability of hydrogen as a decarbonisation option depends strongly on success in bringing down costs for both fuel cell technologies and hydrogen production delivery and storage systems Hydrogen perspectives in Italy Analysis of possible deployment scenariosPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
In the interests of brevity the framework is not elaborated here and the interested reader is referred to From sectoral systems of innvation to socio technical systems Insights about dynamics and change from sociology and institutional theory Possible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
We tested elements of this scenario by revising the models representation of the gas network and introducing the option of injecting hydrogen into the gas grid The future of the natural gas pipeline system in the UK Paper presented at the International Energy WorkshopPossible Hydrogen Transitions in the UK Critical Uncertainties and Possible Decision Points
INTRODUCTION Better understanding of the intersection of HIV aging and health is an urgent issue due to the increasing number of people aging with HIV  as the synergistic result of two concurrent phenomenon the increased life expectancy of people with HIV undergoing HAART extensively demonstrated both in high Impact of late diagnosis and treatment on life expectancy in people with HIV  UK Collaborative HIV Cohort UK CHIC Study and middleand lowincome countries  but also the increasing number of people seroconverting HIV at an older age as the result of a lower perception of sexual risk in older people Aging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
INTRODUCTIONBetter understanding of the intersection of HIV aging and health is an urgent issue due to the increasing number of people aging with HIV Evidence informing the intersection of HIV aging and health a scoping review as the synergistic result of two concurrent phenomenon the increased life expectancy of people with HIV undergoing HAART extensively demonstrated both in high  and middleand lowincome countries  but also the increasing number of people seroconverting HIV at an older age as the result of a lower perception of sexual risk in older people Aging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
Current literature focusing on HIV in older populations is concentrated among studies comparing older HIVpositive populations with younger HIVpositive individuals or else comparing older HIVpositive individuals with older HIVnegative individuals Premature age related comorbidities among HIV infected persons compared with the general populationAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
INTRODUCTION Better understanding of the intersection of HIV aging and health is an urgent issue due to the increasing number of people aging with HIV HIV and people over  years old in Europe as the synergistic result of two concurrent phenomenon the increased life expectancy of people with HIV undergoing HAART extensively demonstrated both in high  and middleand lowincome countries  but also the increasing number of people seroconverting HIV at an older age as the result of a lower perception of sexual risk in older people Aging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
Very few studies examined the impact of clinical intervention on both physical and neurocognitive impairment associated with aging Changes in the incidence and predictors of human immunodeficiency virus associated dementia in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapyAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
Moreover polifarmacy rises risks of pharmacological interactions and medical errors HIV and ageing what the geriatrician needs to knowAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
A particular concern in this population regards MM as a predictor care complexity and polypharmacy increasing the cost of clinical management Cost of noninfectious comorbidities in patients with HIVAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
As described elsewhere Multidisciplinary approach to the treatment of metabolic and morphologic alterations of HIV related lipodystrophy patients undergo annual multidisciplinary assessments and consultations in multiple domains including metabolic and endocrinological measures bone mineral density organ function and social factorsAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
Therefore the aging of HIV epidemic is a matter of fact with potential concern because of physical mental and psychological issues that can accompany both aging and HIV infection Aging and HIV infection a comparison between older HIV infected persons and the general populationAging with HIV vs HIV Seroconversion at Older Age A Diverse Population with Distinct Comorbidity Profiles
Not surprisingly the CC review concludes that the intervention may improve weight gain only in children known to have worm infection Deworming drugs for soil transmitted intestinal worms in children effects on nutritional indicators haemoglobin and school performance Cochrane Database Syst RevMethodological Bias Can Lead the Cochrane Collaboration to Irrelevance in Public Health DecisionMaking Aims and Limits of the Cochrane Collaboration
Estimates indicate that where the prevalence of infection with Ascaris lumbricoides is  approximately  of the children in the community will have moderateor highintensity infections and therefore exhibit morbidity Soil transmitted helminthiasis Relationship between prevalence and classes of intensity of infectionMethodological Bias Can Lead the Cochrane Collaboration to Irrelevance in Public Health DecisionMaking Aims and Limits of the Cochrane Collaboration
The distribution of worms among human hosts is not uniform only a minority of individuals in a community will have infection at a level sufficiently high to cause morbidity ie at moderate or high intensities of worm burdens Preventive Chemotherapy in Human Helminthiasis Theoretical and operational aspectsMethodological Bias Can Lead the Cochrane Collaboration to Irrelevance in Public Health DecisionMaking Aims and Limits of the Cochrane Collaboration
Tversky and Representativeness Revisited Attribute Substitution in Intuitive Judgment  and others have attempted provide an account of these systematic errors by introducing and characterizing these cognitive strategiesIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
With Henry Brighton  and Wolfgang Gaissmaier  Homo Heuristicus Why Biased Minds Make Better Inferences demonstrates that recruiting heuristics might be more mathematically rational and not just more economically rational then recruiting their alternativesIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Hammond  Samuels  The Empirical Case for Two Systems of Reasoning  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
As predicted having or being a candidate for a PhD in philosophy was positively correlated with CRT score Statistical Power Analysis For Behavioral Sciences   Since the CRT score is an indication of how likely someone is to report a reflective answer it might also be useful to have a metric of how likely someone is to report an intuitive answerIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Upon Reflection  Samuels  Sloman  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Tversky and Kahneman  and others have attempted provide an account of these systematic errors by introducing and characterizing these cognitive strategies heuristics and biases Dual Processing Accounts of Reasoning Judgment and Social Cognition  Gilovich Griffin and Kahneman  Kahneman et al  Kahneman and Frederick  Levinson  Tversky the highest in quality Nisbett and Wilson Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
There is little question that philosophers make these kinds of appeals  Audi  Kornblith  How to Use Intuitions in Philosophy  Chalmers for an opposing view see Cappelen Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Tversky and Kahneman  and others have attempted provide an account of these systematic errors by introducing and characterizing these cognitive strategies heuristics and biases Evans Evans  Gilovich Griffin and Kahneman  Kahneman et al  Kahneman and Frederick  Interactional Biases in Human Thinking  Tversky the highest in quality Nisbett and Wilson Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
One of the purposes in considering the various characterizations is to caution the reader from adopting one characterization without considering other possibilities  Philosophical Temperament et al Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman   Edwards et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Perceived Frequency of Concrete and Abstract Words and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Rips  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Since this assumption might be faultyas in the expertnovice example abovethe practice of identifying intuitive responses or System  responses in general by reaction times  Reasoning the Fast and Frugal Way Models of Bounded Rationality and Goldstein  might be subject to a kind of misattribution errorIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
First Gigerenzer and colleagues introduce their audience to a series of strategies each of which is biased to varying degrees that can be used to make estimations under conditions of uncertaintyeg the take the best strategy Gigerenzer and Goldstein  inspired by statistical models using equal weights or tallying strategies Dawes  Dawes and Corrigan  Einhorn and Hogarth  The Relative Efficiency of Regression and Simple Unit Predictor Weights in Applied Differential Psychology Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Hammond  Samuels  Sloman  Dual Process Models in Social and Cognitive Psychology Conceptual Integration and Links to Underlying Memory Systems and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Dual Process and Dual System Theories of Reasoning  Hammond  Samuels  Sloman  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In an effort to highlight reasoning that might be isomorphic to philosophical reasoning I will turn to logical reasoningeg deductive and conditional reasoningthe study of which has revealed further systematic errors in reasoning  Barwise  Bell and JohnsonLaird Bonatti  Cummins  The Role of Implicit and Explicit Negation in Conditional Reasoning Bias Clibbens and Rood  The Role of Implicit and Explicit Negation in Conditional Reasoning Bias Dugan and Revlin  Hardman and Payne  JohnsonLaird  JohnsonLaird and Byrne  Shynkaruk and Thompson  Thompson  Turner and Thompson  Wetherick and Golhooly Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
This might be unsurprising given that reasoners with higher levels of analytic intelligenceperhaps those who have enjoyed philosophical training and selectionwill tend to respond reflectively on various reasoning tasks McCelroy andSeta  Individual Differences in Reasoning Implications for the Rationality Debate  andWest Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
There are a variety of views about why this is the case but there is some evidence that implicit bias at various stages in the undergraduate graduate and careerlevel training and selection processes could result in fewer opportunities for advancement for women Paxton Figdor andTiberius  Occupational Segregation and Gender Inequality in Job Quality A Multi Level Approach andYaish Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman  Perspective Taking as Egocentric Anchoring and Adjustment et al  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Rips  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
The result is a sort of contextsensitive view of rationality Domain Specific Reasoning Social Contracts Cheating and Perspective Change and Hug Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman   Edwards et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Rips  Elicitation of Personal Probabilities and Expectations  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
There are a variety of views about why this is the case but there is some evidence that implicit bias at various stages in the undergraduate graduate and careerlevel training and selection processes could result in fewer opportunities for advancement for women Quantifying the Gender Gap An Empirical Study of the Underrepresentation of Women in Philosophy Figdor andTiberius  Stier andYaish Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
There is little question that philosophers make these kinds of appeals  Audi  The Role of Intuition in Philosophical Inquiry An Account with No Unnatural Ingredients  Talbot  Chalmers for an opposing view see Cappelen Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Later economists would begin to notice threats to their classical notion of economical rationalityeg economic man or homo economics On the Definition of Political Economy and of the Method of Investigation Proper to It Essays on Some Unsettled Questions of Political Economy   Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Some philosophers have been so intrigued by these challenges that they have taken to vacating their metaphorical armchairs for the world of experimental psychology Alfano and Loeb  Experimental Philosophy et al Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
rational choice strategy Sources of Power How People Make Decisions  implicit inference vsIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Another possibility is that some independent process arbitrates between the two responsescognitive scientists might hypothesize that part of the prefrontal cortex or the anterior cingulate cortex could play a role in this arbitration US Religious Landscape Survey Religious Beliefs and Practices Diverse and Politically Relevant andCohen  Neys Vartanian andGoel Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Perhaps this is why philosophers will argue explicitly or implicitly that premises can be considered true or false in virtue of their intuitive appealviz the premise just seems to be true or false Audi  Bealer  Huemer  Defending the Evidential Value of Epistemic Intuitions A Reply to Stich Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
While there are nuanced differences between certain dualprocess theories dualprocess theories are those which claim that one can distinguish between at least two cognitive strategies in reasoning learning deciding etcI emphasize that there might be more than two processes to avoid problems that result from positing binary oppositions You Can t Play  Questions with Nature and Win Projective Comments on the Papers of This Symposium Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Another possibility is that some independent process arbitrates between the two responsescognitive scientists might hypothesize that part of the prefrontal cortex or the anterior cingulate cortex could play a role in this arbitration Miller andCohen  Smarter Than We Think When Our Brains Detect That We Are Biased Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In an effort to highlight reasoning that might be isomorphic to philosophical reasoning I will turn to logical reasoningeg deductive and conditional reasoningthe study of which has revealed further systematic errors in reasoning  Barwise  Bell and Conditionals A Theory of Meaning Pragmatics and Inference Bonatti  Cummins  Evans Clibbens and Rood  Evans Dugan and Revlin  Hardman and Payne  JohnsonLaird  Conditionals A Theory of Meaning Pragmatics and Inference and Byrne  Shynkaruk and Thompson  Thompson  Turner and Thompson  Wetherick and Golhooly Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Tversky and Kahneman  and others have attempted provide an account of these systematic errors by introducing and characterizing these cognitive strategies heuristics and biases Evans Evans  Gilovich Griffin and Kahneman  Kahneman et al  Kahneman and Frederick  Levinson  Tversky the highest in quality Telling More than We Can Know Verbal Reports on Mental Processes and Wilson Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Also once females were taking as many advanced math and science courses as males and receiving as many undergraduate mathematics degrees as males These results as well as the results herein corroborate the gender similarities hypothesis most psychological gender differences are in the closetozero d   or small  lt d lt  range a few are in the moderate range  lt d lt  and very few are large d lt  or very large d lt  The Gender Similarities Hypothesis Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Hammond  The Magical Number Two plus or Minus Dual Process Theory as a Theory of Cognitive Kinds  Sloman  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Perhaps this is why philosophers will argue explicitly or implicitly that premises can be considered true or false in virtue of their intuitive appealviz the premise just seems to be true or false Audi  Bealer  Transitivity Comparative Value and the Methods of Ethics  Nagel Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman   Edwards et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Cognitive Processes and the Assessment of Subjective Probability Distributions  Mans  Rips  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Not coincidentally these simulations seem to translate into ecologically valid human reasoning tasks  More Is Not Always Better The Benefits of Cognitive Limits and Todd  meaning simpleisbest or lessismore cognitive strategieswhere reasoners unconsciously estimate rather than fully calculateare not only economically rational but mathematically rational as wellIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In an effort to highlight reasoning that might be isomorphic to philosophical reasoning I will turn to logical reasoningeg deductive and conditional reasoningthe study of which has revealed further systematic errors in reasoning  Barwise  Bell and JohnsonLaird Bonatti  Cummins  Evans Clibbens and Rood  Evans Dugan and Revlin  Problem Difficulty and Response Format in Syllogistic Reasoning and Payne  JohnsonLaird  JohnsonLaird and Byrne  Shynkaruk and Thompson  Thompson  Turner and Thompson  Wetherick and Golhooly Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
The associationist about intuition will start by outlining a fairly well accepted tenet of cognitive science whether or not we are aware of it we are more or less constantly learning associations between things and properties of things via experienceeg if we frequently experience two things or properties of things together then we will begin to associate them An Evolutionary Context for the Cognitive Unconscious   Talbot Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman   Edwards et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Inductive Judgments about Natural Categories  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Comparing these estimation strategies across multiple data sets reveals that simpleror more biasedstrategies actually outperform models that are more thorough and sensitive to variance in the evidenceie variance in the sample data set Chater et al  Models of Ecological Rationality The Recognition Heuristic and Gigerenzer  Gigerenzer and Gaissmaier  and Schooler and Hertwig Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORYIn order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Chapman and Chapman   Probabilistic Information Processing Systems Design and Evaluation et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Rips  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
First Gigerenzer and colleagues introduce their audience to a series of strategies each of which is biased to varying degrees that can be used to make estimations under conditions of uncertaintyeg the take the best strategy Gigerenzer and Goldstein  inspired by statistical models using equal weights or tallying strategies Dawes  Dawes and Corrigan  Unit Weighting Schemes for Decision Making and Hogarth  Schmidt Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Comparing these estimation strategies across multiple data sets reveals that simpleror more biasedstrategies actually outperform models that are more thorough and sensitive to variance in the evidenceie variance in the sample data set Chater et al  Goldstein and Gigerenzer  Gigerenzer and Gaissmaier  and How Forgetting Aids Heuristic Inference and Hertwig Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
A view that might be consistent with more than one of these characterizations is the view that people tend to be satisfied with their intuitive responses unless they sense some indication of difficulty about the task in which case they might rely on a more reflective response Overcoming Intuition Metacognitive Difficulty Activates Analytic Reasoning et al Simmons and Nelson  Thompson and Johnson Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Then Gigerenzer and colleagues show how the differential performance of these strategies can be modeled computationally allowing for a quantitative adjudication between strategies Comparing these estimation strategies across multiple data sets reveals that simpleror more biasedstrategies actually outperform models that are more thorough and sensitive to variance in the evidenceie variance in the sample data set Fast Frugal and Rational How Rational Norms Explain Behavior et al  Goldstein and Gigerenzer  Gigerenzer and Gaissmaier  and Schooler and Hertwig Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Chaiken and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Hammond  Samuels  Sloman  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   A Model of Dual Attitudes Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
SOME HISTORY In order to begin the discussion of the systematic and predictable errors in reasoning Iwill introduce the study of statistical reasoningeg probabilistic inference BarHillel  Genesis of Popular But Erroneous Psychodiagnostic Observations and Genesis of Popular But Erroneous Psychodiagnostic Observations   Edwards et al  Epley et al  Epley and Golivoch  Evans  Galbraith and Underwood  Hogarth  Mans  Rips  Savage  Stal von Holstein Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In an effort to highlight reasoning that might be isomorphic to philosophical reasoning I will turn to logical reasoningeg deductive and conditional reasoningthe study of which has revealed further systematic errors in reasoning  Barwise  Bell and JohnsonLaird Bonatti  Conditional Reasoning and Causation  Evans Clibbens and Rood  Evans Dugan and Revlin  Hardman and Payne  JohnsonLaird  JohnsonLaird and Byrne  Shynkaruk and Thompson  Thompson  Turner and Thompson  Wetherick and Golhooly Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
A view that might be consistent with more than one of these characterizations is the view that people tend to be satisfied with their intuitive responses unless they sense some indication of difficulty about the task in which case they might rely on a more reflective response Alter et al  Simmons and Nelson  Conflict Metacognition and Analytic Thinking and Johnson Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
There is little question that philosophers make these kinds of appeals  Audi  Kornblith  Talbot  Intuitions in Philosophy A Minimal Defense for an opposing view see Cappelen Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
In an effort to highlight reasoning that might be isomorphic to philosophical reasoning I will turn to logical reasoningeg deductive and conditional reasoningthe study of which has revealed further systematic errors in reasoning  Barwise  Bell and JohnsonLaird Propositional Reasoning by Model   Cummins  Evans Clibbens and Rood  Evans Dugan and Revlin  Hardman and Payne  JohnsonLaird  JohnsonLaird and Byrne  Shynkaruk and Thompson  Thompson  Turner and Thompson  Wetherick and Golhooly Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Also the distribution in the present sample is remarkably close to the  found in the more comprehensive PhilPapers sample The PhilPapers Surveys et al  so one should not be concerned about whether or not the present sample is representative of professional philosophersIntuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Perhaps this is why philosophers will argue explicitly or implicitly that premises can be considered true or false in virtue of their intuitive appealviz the premise just seems to be true or false Audi  Rethinking Intuition The Psychology of Intuition and Its Role in Philosophical Inquiry  Huemer  Nagel Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
First Gigerenzer and colleagues introduce their audience to a series of strategies each of which is biased to varying degrees that can be used to make estimations under conditions of uncertaintyeg the take the best strategy Gigerenzer and Goldstein  inspired by statistical models using equal weights or tallying strategies Linear Models in Decision Making  Einhorn and Hogarth  Schmidt Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Second  of philosophers who report philosophy of religion as an area of specialization are theists Preliminary Results Of The Survey On Natural Theological Arguments Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
Theories and models that endorse or assume the kind of dichotomy just described are often referred to as dualprocess or dualsystem theories Dual Process Theories in Social Psychology and Trope  Evans  a b Evans and Stanovich  Frankish  Hammond  Samuels  Sloman  Smith and DeCoster  Thompson   Wilson Lindsey and Schooler Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
For example there is evidence that thinking too much can actually lead to poorer judgments  Schooler  Thinking Too Much Introspection Can Reduce the Quality of Preferences and Decisions Intuitive and Reflective Responses in Philosophy
 are also critical of the explicit use of quartetbased taxon sampling in the phylogenetic informativeness derivation by Profiling phylogenetic informativeness Taxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
In general empirical and simulation results have justified a claim that greater ingroup taxon sampling permits the effective usage of faster evolving characters Is it better to add taxa or characters to a difficult phylogenetic problem  Hillis Poe Hedtke et alTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
In general empirical and simulation results have justified a claim that greater ingroup taxon sampling permits the effective usage of faster evolving characters Graybeal Hillis Evaluation of the strategy of long branch subdivision to improve the accuracy of phylogenetic methods Hedtke et alTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
In general empirical and simulation results have justified a claim that greater ingroup taxon sampling permits the effective usage of faster evolving characters Graybeal Hillis Poe Resolution of phylogenetic conflict in large data sets by increased taxon sampling et alTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
In general empirical and simulation results have justified a claim that greater ingroup taxon sampling permits the effective usage of faster evolving characters Graybeal Taxonomic sampling phylogenetic accuracy and investigator bias Poe Hedtke et alTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
There are both theoretical Reconstructing the shape of a tree from observed dissimilarity data and Dress  and empirical Townsend Mahon and Neigel Townsend et alTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
The theory of optimal rates in the case of Markov substitution models like the JukesCantor model see Inferring phylogenies  is more involved than in the case of an infinite states modelTaxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
There are both theoretical Bandelt and Dress  and empirical Utility of arginine kinase for resolution of phylogenetic relationships among brachyuran genera and families Taxon Sampling and the Optimal Rates of Evolution for Phylogenetic Inference
There are a number of other similar examples of opposition undermining protected areas in the literature although not so spectacularly as in Amboseli eg Roth Confronting conservation at Mount Elgon and Hulme Exploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
As Community conservation inequality and injustice myths of power in protected area management  notes it is strongly expressed in keynote speeches and declarations at major conservation meetingsExploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
Local challenges to global agendas conservation economic liberalisation and the pastoralists rights movement in Tanzania  demonstrates that the rise of civil society organisations opened up a space for pastoralist communities in Tanzania to use democratic and formal challenges against protected areas which were previously absentExploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
When strategies were changed to ensure that locals received material bene ts from the park in order to earn their support the killings diminished the pastoralists turned on the poachers and wildlife recovered Ecosystem conservation and rural development the case of Amboseli Exploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
They may chose to resist these costs through formal political opposition such as legal challenges lobbying and protest marches eg Sullivan  but more frequently through more subtle indirect protests such as noncooperation and sabotage Protection politics and protest understanding resistance to conservation Exploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
Local support and protected area success  in papers in conservation journals eg Rethinking community based conservation Bulte and Rondeau Exploring the Relationship Between Local Support and the Success of Protected Areas
Using the method of Getting income shares right we find  for nonagriculture and  for agriculture in  the US during  implying that the labor share in nonagriculture is larger than in agricultureWhy is Measured Productivity so Low in Agriculture
For example  and  point to the scale or risk of farming  and Barriers to entry and development to barriers of moving workers or intermediate goods between agriculture and nonagriculture and  to selection of the workers in the two sectorsIn our view the most promising explanation for gaps in marginal value products in US states is sectoral differences in human capitalWhy is Measured Productivity so Low in Agriculture
We obtain the Census numbers from the publicuse version made available through Integrated public use microdata series Version  Why is Measured Productivity so Low in Agriculture
The retrieval of open class itemsAnomia is characteristic of SD and has received substantial research attention see Anomia A doubly typical signature of semantic dementiaCooperPye Hodges amp Patterson  for an analysis of a large corpus of SD naming errorsTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Speech errors produced by different aphasic patient groups have formed the basis of debates about particular deficits and how they relate to the intact language system The crosslinguistic study of sentence processing amp Wulfeck Nickels amp Howard Rapp amp Goldrick  Goldrick THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Errors in Speech Production There is a long tradition of using naturally occurring speech errors to inform models of language production under the assumption that such errors are constrained by components of linguistic processing Fromkin Cutler Language Production Grammatical Encoding amp Levelt THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
If semantic and syntactic sources of information compete during the selection of lexical items a reduction in the strengthreliability of semantic information might increase reliance on syntactic information Learning to divide the labor an account of deficits in light and heavy verb production amp Dell THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Speech errors produced by different aphasic patient groups have formed the basis of debates about particular deficits and how they relate to the intact language system Bates amp Wulfeck Nickels amp Howard Rapp amp Limited interaction in Speech Production  Limited interaction in Speech Production THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
One of the first models of speech production was based on an analysis of an extensive corpus of such errors in normal healthy speakers The organisation of processing structure for language production applications to aphasic speech THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Nevertheless reduction of morphological and syntactic complexity relative to normal speakers has been documented  Benedet et al  Sweet nothings Narrative speech in semantic dementia and MacDonald THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Nevertheless reduction of morphological and syntactic complexity relative to normal speakers has been documented  Non semantic aspects of language in semantic dementia As normal as they re said to be et al  Patterson and MacDonald THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
thing stuff and place and an increased reliance on high frequency high familiarity items and pronouns The rise and fall of frequency and imageability Noun and verb production in semantic dementia et al THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
auxiliaries along with the stress contours and other prosodic features of the sentence The Analysis of Sentence Production THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
a duck is drawn with four legs A duck with four legs Investigating the structure of conceptual knowledge using picture drawing in semantic dementia et al THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
If primarily governed by syntactic properties closed class elements may be selected competitively once grammatical features are specified by an active lexical item this would make their selection similar to open class elements that are competitively selected once semantic features are specified Different Selection Principles of Freestanding and Bound Morphemes in Language Production amp Caramazza  Caramazza et al  Different Selection Principles of Freestanding and Bound Morphemes in Language Production amp Costa  see also LaPointe LaPointe amp Dell THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
For example closed class words are semantically shallow having fewer semantic features than open class items which could make them more vulnerable to damage within the semantic system or between semantics and word form representations Allen amp Seidenberg Goodglass amp Menn Deep Dyslexia A Case Study of Connectionist Neuropsychology amp Shallice THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Verbal manifestations of the semantic deficit are seen in impaired object naming and wordtopicture matching such that these tests are routinely used in diagnosis Semantic dementia a unique clinicopathological syndrome amp Patterson THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Speech errors produced by different aphasic patient groups have formed the basis of debates about particular deficits and how they relate to the intact language system Bates amp Wulfeck When the words won t come Relating impairments and models of spoken word production amp Howard Rapp amp Goldrick  Goldrick THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
partial information from one level can be accessed by the next from conceptual to lexicosemantic representations as this allows multiple candidates to be activated for a particular target Goldrick Levelt et al  interactivity between other levels is still a topic of much debate A spreading activation theory of retrieval in language production Rapp amp Goldrick Roelofs Vigliocco amp Hartsuiker THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Patients are poor at matching pictures of objects to their characteristic sounds as well as their names Non verbal semantic impairment in semantic dementia et al  and they show impaired use of objects especially less common ones egTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
partial information from one level can be accessed by the next from conceptual to lexicosemantic representations as this allows multiple candidates to be activated for a particular target Goldrick Levelt et al  interactivity between other levels is still a topic of much debate Dell Rapp amp Goldrick Roelofs The interplay of meaning sound and syntax in sentence production amp Hartsuiker THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
If primarily governed by syntactic properties closed class elements may be selected competitively once grammatical features are specified by an active lexical item this would make their selection similar to open class elements that are competitively selected once semantic features are specified Schiller amp Caramazza  Caramazza et al  Schiller amp Costa  see also A thoery of verb form use in the speech of agrammatic aphasics LaPointe amp Dell THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
The message activates a set of possible structural realizations Toward a Cognitive Psychology of Syntax Information Processing Contributions to Sentence Formulation amp Warren  pToward a Cognitive Psychology of Syntax Information Processing Contributions to Sentence Formulation  which influence syntactic assignment and interact with lexical retrieval during subsequent encodingTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
For example closed class words are semantically shallow having fewer semantic features than open class items which could make them more vulnerable to damage within the semantic system or between semantics and word form representations Allen amp Seidenberg Is agrammatism a unitary phenomenon amp Menn Plaut amp Shallice THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
The fact that patients perseverated more open class items is in line with an account in which weak activation of target items due to degraded semantic content leads to perseveration errors as recently produced items are both retrievable and more active Lexical retrieval mechanisms underlying whole word perseveration errors in anomic aphasia Roach Brecher amp Lowery THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
what the patients still know is information that generalises to many different concepts The reign of typicality in semantic memory  it seems plausible that lexicosyntactic information may be precisely the kind of abstracted general highly frequent information that should be preserved in SDTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
This is why span is higher for words than nonwords and higher for highfrequency andor highimageability words than lowfrequencylowimageability words Immediate serial recall word frequency item identity and item position amp StAubin Walker amp Hulme THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
partial information from one level can be accessed by the next from conceptual to lexicosemantic representations as this allows multiple candidates to be activated for a particular target Goldrick Levelt et al  interactivity between other levels is still a topic of much debate Dell Rapp amp Goldrick Error Biases in Spoken Word Planning and Monitoring by Aphasic and Nonaphasic Speakers Comment on Rapp and Goldrick Vigliocco amp Hartsuiker THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
SD is a subtype of FrontoTemporal Dementia FTD Hodges amp Patterson  in which there is relatively focal atrophy of the anterior inferior temporal lobe bilaterally though often more severe on the left  Patterns of brain atrophy in frontotemporal dementia and semantic dementia et al  Mummery et al  Galton et al Seeley et al THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
In contrast closed class elements may be chosen once competition amongst grammatical features is resolved in other words competitive selection would apply to grammatical feature specifications but not to closed class elements La Heij Mak Sander amp Willeboordse Levelt Roelofs amp Meyer Syntactic processes in the production of noun phrases Syntactic processes in the production of noun phrases Jescheniak amp Hantsch In both cases the selection of closed class items depends on grammatical features activated from open class itemsTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
SD is a subtype of FrontoTemporal Dementia FTD Hodges amp Patterson  in which there is relatively focal atrophy of the anterior inferior temporal lobe bilaterally though often more severe on the left  Rosen et al  Mummery et al  Galton et al The natural history of temporal variant frontotemporal dementia et al THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
This may not draw attention because of the nature of most normal conversational speech the majority of utterances around  are simple oneparticipant clauses and light verb use is very common Transitivity clause structure and argument structure Evidence from conversation amp Hopper THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Normal people make such errors in AVSTM with nonwords but not with words Short term memory errors for spoken syllables are affected by the linguistic structure of the syllables amp Danis THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
This is why span is higher for words than nonwords and higher for highfrequency andor highimageability words than lowfrequencylowimageability words Poirier amp StAubin Concrete words are easier to recall than abstract words Evidence for a semantic contribution to short term serial recall amp Hulme THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
All participants were native speakers of British EnglishInsert Table  about here Connected Speech  Interview elicitation Each participant apart from DV see below took part in a semistructured interview approximately  to  minutes long using the Autobiographical Memory Interview AMI Aging and Autobiographical Memory Dissociating Episodic From Semantic Retrieval et al Kopelman et al  see Nestor et al  andMcKinnon Moscovitch et al  for examples of its use with SD patientsTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
In contrast closed class elements may be chosen once competition amongst grammatical features is resolved in other words competitive selection would apply to grammatical feature specifications but not to closed class elements La The gender congruency effect in pictureword tasks Mak Sander amp Willeboordse Levelt Roelofs amp Meyer Schriefers Schriefers Jescheniak amp Hantsch In both cases the selection of closed class items depends on grammatical features activated from open class itemsTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
In contrast grammatical morphemes both free and bound are activated indirectly via open class items and they are intrinsic to the syntactic frame Production of speech Observations from normal and pathological language useTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
the agent of an action according to a conceptual message thus this assignment cannot be independent of conceptualsemantic content Conceptual accessibility and syntactic structure in sentence formulation amp Warren Conceptual accessibility and syntactic structure in sentence formulation THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
a subject noun verbing an object noun during grammatical encoding Ferreira amp Bock Can thematic roles leave traces of their places  Bock amp Goldberg THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Syntactic structures can be seen as highly routinised and automatically produced Bates amp Wulfeck Kempler Curtiss amp Jackson  and the processes that underpin their use in production have been constructively compared to implicit learning Bock amp Griffin Becoming Syntactic Dell amp Bock Ferriera amp Bock THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Errors in Speech Production There is a long tradition of using naturally occurring speech errors to inform models of language production under the assumption that such errors are constrained by components of linguistic processing Fromkin The reliability of speech error data Bock amp Levelt THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
a subject noun verbing an object noun during grammatical encoding The functions of structural priming Language and Cognitive Processes amp Bock Chang Bock amp Goldberg THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Errors in Speech Production There is a long tradition of using naturally occurring speech errors to inform models of language production under the assumption that such errors are constrained by components of linguistic processing The non anomalous nature of anomalous utterances Cutler Bock amp Levelt THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Understood in this way the frames are sensitive to phonological information but blind to syntactic and semantic constraints Bock amp Levelt Levels of Processing in Sentence Production Levels of Processing in Sentence Production  THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
In sum SD presents a remarkably focused deterioration in conceptualsemantic knowledge such that specific distinctive information is lost and expressions of knowledge become increasingly general with better preservation of typical familiar and highly frequent information  The selective impairment of semantic memory THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Control test scores are taken from a separate sample of controls Is semantic memory consistently impaired early in the course of Alzheimer s disease Neuroanatomical and diagnostic implications amp Patterson THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Verbs are thought to dictate the argument structure of the sentences in which they appear Levin  Constrained sentence production in probable Alzheimer s disease  and Levelt et al  proposed that lemmas holistic lexical representations are marked for syntactic information egTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
All participants were native speakers of British EnglishInsert Table  about here Connected Speech  Interview elicitation Each participant apart from DV see below took part in a semistructured interview approximately  to  minutes long using the Autobiographical Memory Interview AMI Levine et al The autobiographical memory interview et al  see Nestor et al  andMcKinnon Moscovitch et al  for examples of its use with SD patientsTHE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Syntactic structures can be seen as highly routinised and automatically produced Bates amp Wulfeck Syntactic Preservation in Alzheimer s Disease Curtiss amp Jackson  and the processes that underpin their use in production have been constructively compared to implicit learning Bock amp Griffin Chang Dell amp Bock Ferriera amp Bock THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Seven patients with a clinical diagnosis of semantic dementia SD were recruited to take part in a study of autobiographical memory Autobiographical Memory Profiles in Semantic Dementia Piguet amp Hodges THE RELATION BETWEEN CONTENT AND STRUCTURE IN LANGUAGE PRODUCTION AN ANALYSIS OF SPEECH ERRORS IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
This focus comprises buyerseller relationships of different intensity of collaboration Towards a better understanding of partnership attributes An exploratory analysis of relationship type classification  with or without a binding formal contract but excludes other types of business relationships such as horizontal strategic alliancesThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
The literature suggests that companies maintain relationship bonds either because they have to due to high switching costs or because they want to because of high relationship value Customers motivations for maintaining relationships with service providers The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
A buyerseller relationship can be defined as a nonaccidental sequence of market transactions between independent market actors  The value added by specific investments a framework for managing relationships in the context of value networks amp Ehret The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
in terms of increased performance competitiveness satisfaction and innovation Gummesson Lindgreen amp Wynstra The value concept and relationship marketing amp Grnroos Sharma Tzokas Saren amp Kyziridis The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
The literature suggests that companies maintain relationship bonds either because they have to due to high switching costs or because they want to because of high relationship value Bendapudi amp Berry Gilliland amp Bello Trust and commitment influences on customer retention Insights from business to business services Liu de Ruyter Moorman amp Lemmink The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
In wellfunctioning relationships buyers and sellers not only show lower tendencies to search for and switch to alternative partners but are also expected to intensify their relationships and even temporarily tolerate disadvantages of being in business together The use of pledges to build and sustain commitment in distribution channels amp Weitz Bendapudi amp Berry Gounaris The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Andaleeb Anderson amp Weitz Determinants of long term orientation in buyer seller relationships  later studies often highlight its dualityThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
in terms of increased performance competitiveness satisfaction and innovation Return on relationships ROR the value of relationship marketing and CRM in business to business contexts Lindgreen amp Wynstra Ravald amp Grnroos Sharma Tzokas Saren amp Kyziridis The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Commitment occupies a central role in the study of successful relationships between firms  Gilliland amp Bello Gundlach Achrol amp Mentzer Hunt Arnett amp Madhavaram The commitment trust theory of relationship marketing amp Hunt The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
The literature suggests that companies maintain relationship bonds either because they have to due to high switching costs or because they want to because of high relationship value Bendapudi amp Berry Two sides to attitudinal commitment The effect of calculative and loyalty commitment on enforcement mechanisms in distribution channels amp Bello Gounaris Liu de Ruyter Moorman amp Lemmink The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
In this study however we deem economic theory best suited for our focus on role differences and therefore do not include socialpsychological aspectsSwitching costs as relationship bonding dimensions can be explained by TCA Transaction cost analysis Past present and future applications amp Heide The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
in terms of increased performance competitiveness satisfaction and innovation Gummesson Lindgreen amp Wynstra Ravald amp Grnroos Antecedents and consequences of relationship marketing Tzokas Saren amp Kyziridis The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Anderson Governance value analysis and marketing strategy amp John Madhok amp Tallman Zajac amp Olsen  others see TCA as a starting point for analyzing value creation between exchange partnersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
For relationship value the average variance extracted AVE was  for switching cost it equaled  exceeding the critical value of  Evaluating structural equation models with unobservable variables and measurement error amp Larcker The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
From a buyers strategic perspective intensifying a given relationship may help supplierbase consolidation to decrease costs of handling a large supplier base Sourcing preference scale Measuring preferences of purchasing managers for single sourcing or multiple sourcing of products amp Coe The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
in terms of increased performance competitiveness satisfaction and innovation Gummesson Value in business markets What do we know Where are we going Industrial Marketing Management amp Wynstra Ravald amp Grnroos Sharma Tzokas Saren amp Kyziridis The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Since specific investments are particular to the focal relationship the associated gain referred to as quasirent can only be realized between the involved parties  The paradox of unsatisfying but stable relationships A look at German car suppliers amp Bschken The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Environmental and behavioral uncertainty arise from economic actors bounded rationality and opportunism TCAs two main assumptions The economic institutions of capitalism Firms markets relational contracting The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Anderson Ghosh amp John Madhok amp Tallman From transaction cost to transaction value analysis Implications for the study of interorganizational strategies amp Olsen  others see TCA as a starting point for analyzing value creation between exchange partnersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Customer loyalty to whom Managing the benefits and risks of salesperson owned loyalty Scheer amp Steenkamp  and would certainly offer complementary insights on role differences in buyerseller relationships in future studiesThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Anderson Ghosh amp John Resources transactions and rents Managing value through interfirm collaborative relationships amp Tallman Zajac amp Olsen  others see TCA as a starting point for analyzing value creation between exchange partnersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
A buyer generally tries to avoid dependence on a particular supplier Examining customer value perceptions of organizational buyers when sourcing from multiple vendors Leach amp Bernhardt  but companies today tend to trade in some of their independence against cost savings by having fewer heavily bound high value suppliers Swift amp Coe The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
The literature suggests that companies maintain relationship bonds either because they have to due to high switching costs or because they want to because of high relationship value Bendapudi amp Berry Gilliland amp Bello Gounaris Customer value and switching costs in business services developing exit barriers through strategic value management de Ruyter Moorman amp Lemmink The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Other direct functions include innovation and technology transfer as well as process innovation to shorten timetomarket and cycle times Cousins amp Spekman Examining supply chain relationships Do buyer and supplier perspectives on collaborative relationships differ Whipple amp Lynch The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
In this situation of concrete object and attributes there do not appear to be disadvantages Bergkvist amp Rossiter  in fact it is preferable to use single items as do Bolton Smith and Wagner  and Interfirm relational drivers of customer value  because multiple items would simply be synonymsThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Very few dyadic studies on relationship value have considered both sides of particular relationships LefaixDurand amp Kozak Yet the literature provides a starting point to study role differences in RV between buyers and sellers from a value chain perspective Competitive advantage Creating and sustaining superior performance  as taken in this paper the fundamental difference between a supplier and buyer is that a focal buyerseller relationship is located toward the end of a suppliers value chain and toward the outset of a buyers value chainThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Suppliers on the other hand try to stabilize their customer base because customer retention is less costly than customer acquisition Loyalty based management The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Relationship value can be defined as the sum of the benefits and cost reductions generated in an ongoing exchange with a business partner Extending relationship value observations from a case study of the Canadian structural wood products industry Kozak Beauregard amp Poulin The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
The object of this studys questionnaire is a single clearlyidentified buyerseller relationship for each respondent and hence is concrete The C OAR SE procedure for scale development in marketing The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Following the set of steps proposed by Assessing measurement invariance in cross national consumer research amp Baumgartner  we established configural and partial metric measurement invariance for the multiitem measures in the different countriesThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
To obtain sufficient variance for effective analysis we randomly asked one half of the respondents to select a wellfunctioning relationship as the questionnaire subject and the other half a rather problematic one for a similar procedure see The antecedents and consequences of organizational and personal commitment in business service relationships amp Thomas The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
This description also applies for suppliers they generally try to leverage an existing relationship by crossselling or offering new services Davies Brady amp Hobday  providing capital information and dedicated staff or adapting their production and logistics to customer demands Rethinking customer solutions From product bundles to relational processes Kohli amp Bharadwaj The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
After validation of the measurement models we summated the items for each construct in line with Cannon and Homburg  and Value based differentiation in business relationships Gaining and sustaining key supplier status and Eggert The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Indeed productivity advantages of specific investments become apparent when the original TCA assumption output is held constant Williamson  p is given up On determinants of joint action in industrial distributor supplier relationships Beyond economic efficiency Kleinaltenkamp amp Ehret The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Very few dyadic studies on relationship value have considered both sides of particular relationships Comparing customer and supplier perceptions of value offerings An exploratory assessment amp Kozak The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Commitment occupies a central role in the study of successful relationships between firms  Gilliland amp Bello The structure of commitment in exchange Achrol amp Mentzer Hunt Arnett amp Madhavaram Morgan amp Hunt The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Overall interfirm cooperation in buyerseller relationships is associated with a number of positive economic and noneconomic outcomes Customer satisfaction market share and profitability Findings from Sweden Fornell amp Lehmann Geyskens Steenkamp amp Kumar The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Relationships in business markets Exchange episodes value creation and their empirical assessment Ghosh amp John Madhok amp Tallman Zajac amp Olsen  others see TCA as a starting point for analyzing value creation between exchange partnersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
All indicator reliabilities were above the recommended threshold value of  Applications of structural equation modeling in marketing and consumer research A review amp Homburg  see appendixThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
In this situation of concrete object and attributes there do not appear to be disadvantages The predictive validity of multiple item versus singleitem measures of the same constructs amp Rossiter  in fact it is preferable to use single items as do Bolton Smith and Wagner  and Palmatier  because multiple items would simply be synonymsThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
We also recognize that other theoretical approaches such as powerdependence theory Power Dependence Relations  might additionally shed light on the phenomena in our analysisThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Buyers manifest tolerance by accepting some opportunism or unethical behavior When does commitment lead to loyalty Ganesan Brown Mariadoss amp Ho  with higher willingnesstopay  de Ruyter et al  or by granting shortterm financing aid to suppliersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Buyers manifest tolerance by accepting some opportunism or unethical behavior Fullerton Buffering and amplifying effects of relationship commitment in business to business relationships Brown Mariadoss amp Ho  with higher willingnesstopay  de Ruyter et al  or by granting shortterm financing aid to suppliersThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
For instance The impact of long term client relationships on the performance of business service firms  shows that service providers with a relational approach to their customers deliver superior value and achieve greater financial returns than firms with a transactional approachThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
In other studies affective commitment is the extent to which partners like to stay in existing relationships while calculative commitment is the degree to which they need to stay The effects of trust and interdependence on relationship commitment A trans Atlantic study Steenkamp Scheer amp Kumar de Ruyter et al The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Overall interfirm cooperation in buyerseller relationships is associated with a number of positive economic and noneconomic outcomes Anderson Fornell amp Lehmann A meta analysis of satisfaction in marketing channel relationships Steenkamp amp Kumar The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
According to the nonparametric procedure for multigroup analysis PLSMGA proposed by The use of partial least squares modeling in international marketing Ringle and Sinkovics  this difference is significant at pltThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
An experimental investigation of satisfaction and commitment in marketing channels The role of trust and dependence later studies often highlight its dualityThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
According to prospect theory losses loom larger than gains of the same monetary amount Prospect theory An analysis of decision under risk amp Tversky The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Since losses loom larger than gains A perspective on judgment and choice Mapping bounded rationality  relinquishing relationship value gains appears less negative than switching cost losses if the relationship is broken off by the supplierThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Commitment occupies a central role in the study of successful relationships between firms  Gilliland amp Bello Gundlach Achrol amp Mentzer The explanatory foundations of relationship marketing theory Arnett amp Madhavaram Morgan amp The explanatory foundations of relationship marketing theory The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
As we do not compare buyers and the suppliers reports within dyads we collected data from purchasing and marketingsales managers independently Measurement issues in the research on inter firm relationships amp John The bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
These can be consciouslymade specific investments into physical or sitespecific assets Handfield amp Bechtel Haugland Interorganizational governance in marketing channels  or can be unconsciously developed relationshipspecific assets like workforce skills Sllner  or trust in the partnerThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
These can be consciouslymade specific investments into physical or sitespecific assets Handfield amp Bechtel Factors influencing the duration of international buyer seller relationships Heide  or can be unconsciously developed relationshipspecific assets like workforce skills Sllner  or trust in the partnerThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
These can be consciouslymade specific investments into physical or sitespecific assets The role of trust and relationship structure in improving supply chain responsiveness Industrial Marketing Management amp Bechtel Haugland Heide  or can be unconsciously developed relationshipspecific assets like workforce skills Sllner  or trust in the partnerThe bonding effects of relationship value and switching costs in industrial buyerseller relationships An investigation into role differences
Many examples of the use of such phylogenetic techniques to construct cultural lineages and identify the forces affecting them have appeared in the archaeological literature in recent years eg The spread of Neolithic plant economies from the Near East to Northwest Europe a phylogenetic analysis et alEvolution in Archaeology
It is necessary to identify histories of transmission to show that an ancestordescendant relationship exists if indeed it does Applying Evolutionary Archaeology and then attempt to understand the forces shaping it all on the basis of patterned variation in the archaeological recordEvolution in Archaeology
These mechanisms form the theoretical foundation for what follows and given the complexities involved it is important to spell them out see also Cultural transmission theory and the archaeological record providing context to understanding variation and temporal changes in material culture amp Lipo Evolution in Archaeology
Resource ranks may be assessed on the basis of experimental or ethnographic work in the present eg Predicting maize agriculture among the Fremont an economic comparison of farming and foraging in the American SouthwestEvolution in Archaeology
One example that has entered the literature is costly signaling theory as described above other studies more wideranging in their use of HBE theory have begun to appear eg Fitzhugh  The ideal free distribution food production and the colonization of Oceania Evolution in Archaeology
Moreover not all the traits that Shennan characterize a complex object or entity will have had a common history Declines in mammalian foraging efficiency during the late Holocene et alEvolution in Archaeology
Of course the routes through which culture is inherited are much more diverse than those for genes Cultural Transmission and Evolution A Quantitative Approach amp Feldman  and different routes have different consequences for the patterning of cultural change through timeEvolution in Archaeology
This is a very wellknown technique with a long history and involves putting phenomena in a linear order on the basis of some measure of their similarity to one another Seriation and cladistics the difference between anagenetic and cladogenetic evolution amp OBrien  OBrien amp Seriation and cladistics the difference between anagenetic and cladogenetic evolution Evolution in Archaeology
These issues have resulted in a great deal of debate for doubts  contra eg Gray amp Jordan  Hawaiki Ancestral Polynesia An Essay in Historical Anthropology amp Green  Mace amp Pagel  and critical analysis eg Eerkens et alEvolution in Archaeology
Thus for example differences in social status may affect the currencies that individuals maximize in particular contexts Lupo OFT is increasingly being applied to understanding past plant exploitation and food production eg Barlow Barlow  An ecological model for the origin of maize based food production on the Pacific coast of southern Mexico et alEvolution in Archaeology
The developments in archaeology are part of broader trends in anthropology and psychology more generally see eg Darwinizing Culture The Status of Memetics as a Science  Cronk et alEvolution in Archaeology
Resource ranks may be assessed on the basis of experimental or ethnographic work in the present eg Barlow  The evolutionary ecology of food acquisition See Smith Winterhalder amp Hill Evolution in Archaeology
The basis of this argument is that ethnographically biggame hunting does not seem to lead to calorie maximization for the hunter and his immediate family when compared with possible alternatives but the sharing of meat that results from hunting success gives prestige and other political benefits in alliances which lead to greater reproductive success Showing off tests of an hypothesis about men s foraging goals Evolution in Archaeology
These issues have resulted in a great deal of debate for doubts  contra eg Language trees support the express train sequence of Austronesian expansion amp Jordan  Kirch amp Green  Mace amp Pagel  and critical analysis eg Eerkens et alEvolution in Archaeology
Neimans original case study indicated that patterning in the rim attributes of eastern North American Woodland period pottery was a result of drift but Shennan amp Wilkinson  showed that patterning in the frequency of decorative attributes of early Neolithic pottery from a small region of Germany indicated a pronovelty bias in the later periods and Vessels and villages evidence for conformist transmission in early village aggregations on the Pajarito Plateau et alEvolution in Archaeology
smallbodied animal bones has very frequently been used as a dietbreadth measure eg Broughton  see also Ugan  for withinspecies size variation see eg Depletion of a resource The impact of prehistoric human foraging on intertidal mollusk communities and its significance for human settlement mobility and dispersal amp Thomas Evolution in Archaeology
These issues have resulted in a great deal of debate for doubts  contra eg Gray amp Jordan  Kirch amp Green  The comparative method in anthropology amp Pagel  and critical analysis eg Eerkens et alEvolution in Archaeology
a  used the concepts of the ideal free distribution and the ideal despotic distribution On territorial behavior and other factors influencing habitat distribution in birds I theoretical development amp Lucas  Sutherland  to provide a basis for understanding the consequences of the patch colonization process represented by the spread of farming into Central EuropeEvolution in Archaeology
Re thinking Great Basin foragers prestige hunting and costly signaling during the Middle Archaic period have proposed that the increase in biggame hunting in the Middle Archaic of the Great Basin should be seen as representing an increase in costly signaling which occurred because populations were increasing leading to increased social competition and larger numbers of receivers of the costly signals being produced cfEvolution in Archaeology
THE PROCESSES OF CULTURAL EVOLUTION The extent to which cultural processes may be modeled in evolutionary terms remains disputed eg Bamforth Fracchia amp Lewontin  although the way in which cultural entities and processes closely match Darwins original formulation of the theory of evolution has recently been shown in detail by Towards a unified science of cultural evolution et alEvolution in Archaeology
 have been developed to make predictions about the effects of transport costs on what resources will be exploited where and the extent to which they will be processed before being brought back to a base for consumption A model for exploring the optimal tradeoff between field processing and transport amp Barlow Evolution in Archaeology
Many key  studies have highlighted the sophisticated globalised and aggressive corporate systems of cultural production  marketing and commodification which have constituted a distinctive hild aaket fo populaa ultual ppoduts  Seiter  McNeal  Out of the garde toys ad hildres ulture i the age of TV ulture  Roedder  Cook Title For geographies of children young people and popular culture
Perhaps most influentially a great deal of research within AngloAmerican culturalmedia studies marketing and sociology has considered the way in which children and  young people have increasingly been targeted as a market segment within contemporary consumer capitalism  Zelizer   Steinberg amp Kincheloe  Children as Consumers London Routledge amp Furnham  Langer  Marshall Title For geographies of children young people and popular culture
Perhaps most influentially a great deal of research within AngloAmerican culturalmedia studies marketing and sociology has considered the way in which children and  young people have increasingly been targeted as a market segment within contemporary consumer capitalism  Zelizer   Kinderculture the Cultural Construction of Childhood amp Kincheloe  Gunter amp Furnham  Langer  Marshall Title For geographies of children young people and popular culture
Although geographers have researched and written extensively on childee aad oug peoples plaa  identities consumption and socialcultural lives in diverse contexts see Children s geographies Oxford Bibliographies Online Childhood Studies et alTitle For geographies of children young people and popular culture
For example geographical  research on popular cultural phenomena like Sylvanian Families  Sylvanian families the production and consumption of a rural community and Short  Postman Pat Horton  eeod aa geogaphees haae paid lose attetio to hildee aad oug peoplees takeforgranted everyday  practices in diverse contextsTitle For geographies of children young people and popular culture
For example Clarke  Gregson and  Crewe  and Family austerity and consumption outlining a new research agenda  highlight the importance of spaces like charity shops car boot sales and other  modes of secondhand purchaseexchange i aa failiess aaauisitio aad diestteet of branded and popular  cultural commoditiesTitle For geographies of children young people and popular culture
Perhaps most influentially a great deal of research within AngloAmerican culturalmedia studies marketing and sociology has considered the way in which children and  young people have increasingly been targeted as a market segment within contemporary consumer capitalism  Pricing the Priceless Child   Steinberg amp Kincheloe  Gunter amp Furnham  Langer  Marshall Title For geographies of children young people and popular culture
This is an important intuition about performance measurement and incentiveplan designAn incentive plans goal is not merely to motivate an employee to work harder but also to balance motivation across different tasks Multitask Principal Agent Analyses Incentive Contracts Asset Ownership and Job Design amp Milgrom Design and implementation of pay for performance
A smaller literature considers these eg Murphy amp Oyer Determinants and Effects of Subjectivity in Incentives et alDesign and implementation of pay for performance
This illustrates a key theme in the early theoretical literature on incentives the tradeoff between uncontrollable risk and incentives Holmstrom Sensitivity Precision and Linear Aggregation of Signals for Performance Evaluation amp Datar Design and implementation of pay for performance
Several excellent surveys of this research are available eg Gibbons Executive Compensation Prendergast Bushman amp Smith Design and implementation of pay for performance
 Many observed problems with incentive systems can be attributed to imbalanced multitask incentives On the Folly of Rewarding A While Hoping For B  Distortion of a performance measure creates the first of three types of gaming of an incentive system described in this chapterDesign and implementation of pay for performance
A General Test for Distortions in Performance Measures and Marschke  and Sloop and van Praag  use distortion to refer to both distortion and manipulation they do recognize the theoretical distinctionDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Firms use both methods Performance Measurement and Appraisal Motivating Managers to Identify and Reward Performance Gibbs et alDesign and implementation of pay for performance
A smaller literature considers these eg Discretion in Executive Incentive Contracts Theory and Evidence amp Oyer Gibbs et alDesign and implementation of pay for performance
This section is shorter because it builds easily on the prior discussion and because research on this topic is much more sparseA substantial literature discusses potential problems arising from subjective evaluation Understanding Performance Appraisal Social Organizational and Goal Based Perspectives Prendergast amp Topel Understanding Performance Appraisal Social Organizational and Goal Based Perspectives amp Cleveland Prendergast   Milgrom Milgrom amp Roberts Design and implementation of pay for performance
Several excellent surveys of this research are available eg Gibbons Murphy The Provision of Incentives in Firms Bushman amp Smith Design and implementation of pay for performance
Given the negative effects of thresholds why are they used One reason is that they may allow the firm to use a stronger incentive intensity while keeping expected compensation at competitive rates or avoiding risks of high turnover in years when uncontrollable risk yields low performance A Theory of Sales Quotas with Limited Liability and Rent Sharing Murphy Design and implementation of pay for performance
This illustrates a key theme in the early theoretical literature on incentives the tradeoff between uncontrollable risk and incentives Moral Hazard and Observability Banker amp Datar Design and implementation of pay for performance
The famous Lincoln Electric case Complementarities and Fit Strategy Structure and Organizational Change in Manufacturing Roberts  provides insights into how a firm might reduce ratchet effectsDesign and implementation of pay for performance
This section is shorter because it builds easily on the prior discussion and because research on this topic is much more sparseA substantial literature discusses potential problems arising from subjective evaluation Murphy Prendergast amp Topel Murphy amp Cleveland Prendergast   Employment Contracts Influence Activities and Efficient Organization Design Employment Contracts Influence Activities and Efficient Organization Design Roberts Design and implementation of pay for performance
The desire to reduce labor costs may end up punishing bothRatchet effects have received surprisingly little empirical study beyond Roys  famous description  Optimizing Incentive Plan Design A Case Study et alDesign and implementation of pay for performance
This implies an incentive system combining performance measures with different levels of risk will have imbalanced multitask incentives or weak overall incentives in order to preserve balanced motivation Holmstrom amp Milgrom   Pay Equality and Industrial Politics Design and implementation of pay for performance
Some theoretical analysis exists Salaries and Piece Rates Gibbons Design and implementation of pay for performance
This section is shorter because it builds easily on the prior discussion and because research on this topic is much more sparseA substantial literature discusses potential problems arising from subjective evaluation Murphy Discretion and Bias in Performance Evaluation Topel Murphy amp Cleveland Discretion and Bias in Performance Evaluation   Milgrom Milgrom amp Roberts Design and implementation of pay for performance
Cos is the cosine of the angle between the vectors p and q a measure of the extent to which the marginal products of effort on the performance measure match those on output Datar Kulp amp Lambert Distortion and Risk in Optimal Incentive Contracts Feltham amp Xie Design and implementation of pay for performance
The purpose of this chapter is not to provide yet another survey but to use the lessons of the economic literature on incentives to discuss how to design and implement pay for performance in practiceCompensation systems have several roles beyond creating incentives eg Waggoner Neely amp Kennerly Determinants of Performance Measure Choices in Worker Incentive Plans Larcker Design and implementation of pay for performance
The purpose of this chapter is not to provide yet another survey but to use the lessons of the economic literature on incentives to discuss how to design and implement pay for performance in practiceCompensation systems have several roles beyond creating incentives eg The Forces That Shape Organisational Performance Measurement Systems An Interdisciplinary Review Neely amp Kennerly Ittner amp Larcker Design and implementation of pay for performance
How s the Job Well Being and Social Capital in the Workplace and Huang  find employees place a large value compensating differential on the extent to which they trust managementDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Employee selection is affected not just by incentive intensity but also by performance evaluationPerformance Measure Properties and the Effect of Incentive Contracts and van Lent  find that selection improves when a firm uses performance measures that are less distorted and have less uncontrollable riskDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Several excellent surveys of this research are available eg Gibbons Murphy Prendergast Financial Accounting Information and Corporate Governance Smith Design and implementation of pay for performance
Degrading of Performance Measures An interesting implication of distortion and manipulability is that numeric performance measures may degrade over time An Empirical Investigation of Gaming Responses to Explicit Performance Incentives Marschke  Design and implementation of pay for performance
More recent empirical work An Empirical Analysis of Risk Incentives and the Delegation of Worker Authority Kurtulus  BarrenecheaMndez Ortinngel amp RodesMayor Eduardo  does find incentives tend to be stronger when the employee has more controllable risk and weaker when he has more uncontrollable riskControllability is a term the managerial accounting literature has used but not rigorously defined for many yearsDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Finally subjective evaluations have their own form of uncontrollable risk for the employee they are difficult to verify and enforce contractually so they require relational contracting and adequate trust of the supervisor Subjective Performance Measures in Optimal Incentive Contracts Gibbons amp Murphy Because virtually all jobs use subjectivity it must have some benefitsDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Cos is the cosine of the angle between the vectors p and q a measure of the extent to which the marginal products of effort on the performance measure match those on output Datar Kulp amp Lambert Baker Performance Measure Congruity and Diversity in Multi Task Principal Agent Relations amp Xie Design and implementation of pay for performance
Some theoretical analysis exists Lazear Piece Rate Incentive Schemes Design and implementation of pay for performance
An additional argument is suggested by Why Are Jobs Designed the Way They Are  Levenson amp Zoghi  who also provide evidence of a strong positive correlation between delegation and multitasking but do not have data on incentivesDesign and implementation of pay for performance
For these reasons supervisors may give less informative evaluations and particularly avoid giving negative feedback The Benefits of Limited Feedback in Organizations Design and implementation of pay for performance
Only a small empirical literature exists on the use of subjective evaluation or discretion in incentive systems eg Implicit Contracts and the Explanatory Power of Top Executive Compensation amp Schaefer Ittner Larcker amp Meyer Murphy amp Oyer Gibbs et alDesign and implementation of pay for performance
Inevitably IAMs rely on a series of simplifying assumptions  using highly aggregated variables and data Ackerman et al aAdaptation in integrated assessment modelling where do we stand  et al  and the limitations of the methodology have been noted egA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
They also deal with intergenerational fairness income regional distribution and some of them at least to a certain extent risk and uncertainty management  Some economics of dangerous climate change Reflections on the Stern Review et al A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
The PAGE Model The latest version of the model PAGE keeps unchanged the general structure of the version used for the Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change HM Treasury Review Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change HM Treasury  but introduces further developments reflecting the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
It can also be used as a guide for the level of a Pigouvian tax on emissionsInevitably IAMs rely on a series of simplifying assumptions  using highly aggregated variables and data Limitations of the integrated assessment models of climate change et al aPatt et al  and the limitations of the methodology have been noted egA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
With respect to the science it can be justified because as well as the importance of climate sensitivity in itself it is also correlated with many aspects of climate change effects  The equilibrium sensitivity of the Earth s temperature to radiation chages and Hegerl A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
On the one hand many of the economic assessments of the damage from carbon emissions report fairly modest figures for an overview see The Social Cost of Carbon Trends Outliers and Catastrophes  for a recent estimate see Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon USA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
 The marginal damage costs of carbon dioxide emissions an assessment of uncertainties  gathered over  estimates from  published studies and combined them to form a probability density function with a median of  tCO a mean of  tCO and a  th percentile of  tCOA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
PAGE uses a simple economic module  Hope et al The PAGE model Integrating the science and economics of global warming et al Hope Hope Hope  and expands it to consider climate issues and the linkages between the economic and the climate systems through some stylized equations within the climate moduleA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
Furthermore many IAMs are designed to be flexible Warming the World Economic Models of Global Warming and Boyer  allowing users the opportunity to enter alternative parametersA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
Various tipping points can be envisaged  Tipping elements in the Earth s climate system et al Kriegler et al  which would lead to severe sudden damagesA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
Various tipping points can be envisaged  Lenton et al Imprecise Probability Assessment of Tipping Points in the Climate System et al  which would lead to severe sudden damagesA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
Though some previous economic estimates have allowed for some possibility of catastrophic damage recent research GHG Targets as Insurance Against catastrophic Climate Change Dietz et al forthcoming proposes further directions in which the relevant models can be adapted to better account for this factorA tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
PAGE uses a simple economic module  Policy analysis of the greenhouse effect an application of the PAGE model et al A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
This leads to calls for urgent action to limit the concentrations of greenhouse gases GHGs IPCC European Commission  or even to reduce concentrations below their current levels  Target atmospheric CO Where should humanity aim Atmospheric and Oceanic Physics et al A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
As most IAMs damage is defined as a nonlinear function Estimating a Climate Change Damage Function through General Equilibrium Modeling and Roson A tale of tails uncertainty and the social cost of carbon dioxide
Significant advances related to biological markers now allow specific bacteria to be identified in soils and their spatial distribution at micrometric scales to be determined in thin sections Eickhorst and Tippktter ab and this information can be translated into dimensional distributions using recently developed statistical algorithms Automated statistical method to align D chemical maps with D X ray computed micro tomographic images of soils et al Grand challenges in the research on soil processes
An increasingly accepted explanation of the lack of progress regarding the processes that control the fate of carbon in soils is that traditional macroscopic measurements eg of organic matter content microbial population density or genetic diversity are unable to capture even qualitatively the key features of microbial activity in soils and that crucial aspects of the intricate conformation of microbial microenvironments at submacroscopic scales are being missed Moving away from the geostatistical lamppost Why where and how does the spatial heterogeneity of soils matter  and Laba Grand challenges in the research on soil processes
Phasing errors are becoming less common as phasing methods improve and efforts such as the  Genomes Project  A map of human genome variation from population scale sequencing et alPCAdmix Principal ComponentsBased Assignment of Ancestry along Each Chromosome in Individuals with Admixed Ancestry from Two or More Populations
Simulations with Two Ancestral PopulationsFor the twopopulation simulations ancestral haplotypes were chosen from the International HapMap project  Integrating common and rare genetic variation in diverse human populations et alPCAdmix Principal ComponentsBased Assignment of Ancestry along Each Chromosome in Individuals with Admixed Ancestry from Two or More Populations
More specifically we utilize representation learning methods  Efficient estimation of word representations in vector space et al a where words or phrases are embedded into the same vector spaceUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
For example in systematic review preparation information extraction generally constitutes the most time consuming task Systematic review automation technologies et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Previous work has largely focused on identifying specific pieces of information such as biomedical events Recent advances and emerging applications in text and data mining for biomedical discovery or PICO elements  Jonnalagadda et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
IntroductionExtracting data elements such as study descriptors from publication full texts is an essential step in a number of tasks including systematic review preparation  Automating data extraction in systematic reviews a systematic review et al  construction of reference databases Kleinstreuer et al  and knowledge discovery Smalheiser Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
 Unsupervised entity and relation extraction from clinical records in italian et al  have introduced a system for unsupervised extraction of entities and relations between these entities from clinical texts written in Italian which utilized a thesaurus for extraction of entities and clustering methods for relation extractionUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Distant supervision has been applied to relation extraction  Liu et al  extraction of gene interactions Largescale extraction of gene interactions from fulltext literature using deepdive et al  PPI extraction   and identification of PICO elements  Wallace et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Distant supervision has been applied to relation extraction  Liu et al  extraction of gene interactions Mallory et al  PPI extraction   and identification of PICO elements  Extracting pico sentences from clinical trial reports using supervised distant supervision et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Extracting data elements such as study descriptors from publication full texts is an essential step in a number of tasks including systematic review preparation  Jonnalagadda et al  construction of reference databases Kleinstreuer et al  and knowledge discovery Literaturebased discovery Beyond the ABCs Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
 A generative model for unsupervised discovery of relations and argument classes from clinical texts   also used clinical texts and proposed a generative model for unsupervised relation extractionUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
For example  An unsupervised text mining method for relation extraction from biomedical literature et al  have utilized several techniques namely kernelbased pattern clustering and dependency parsing to extract PPI from biomedical textsUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
 Linguistic regularities in continuous space word representations et al b have shown that an important feature of WordVec embeddings is that similar words will have similar vectors because they appear in similar contextsUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Another approach focusing on relation extraction has been proposed by Bionoculars extracting proteinprotein interactions from biomedical text et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Distant supervision has been applied to relation extraction  Relation extraction from biomedical literature with minimal supervision and grouping strategy et al  extraction of gene interactions Mallory et al  PPI extraction   and identification of PICO elements  Wallace et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
We focus on unsupervised methods for information extraction from biomedical textsMany methods for biomedical data annotation and extraction exist which utilize labeled data and supervised learning approaches  Learning for biomedical information extraction et al  and  Gonzalez et al  provided a good overview of a number of these methods however unsupervised approaches in this area are much scarcerUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
In the future we are planning to experiment with different ways of calculating relatedness of the sequences to the descriptions such as with computing similarity of embeddings created from the text fragments using approaches like DocVec  Distributed representations of sentences and documents and Mikolov Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
This situation is made worse by the rapidly expanding body of potentially relevant literature with more than one million papers added into PubMed each year Scientific literature Information overload Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
Task DescriptionSignificant efforts in toxicology research are being devoted towards developing new in vitro methods for testing chemicals due to the large number of untested chemicals in use gt The toxicity data landscape for environmental chemicals et al Kleinstreuer et al  and the cost and time required by existing in vivo methods  years and millions of dollars per chemical  The toxicity data landscape for environmental chemicals et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
More recently Wordvec and docvec in unsupervised sentiment analysis of clinical discharge summaries and Sokolova  have utilized WordVec and DocVec embeddings for unsupervised sentiment classification in medical discharge summariesA number of previous studies have focused on unsupervised extraction of relations such as proteinprotein interactions PPI from biomedical textsUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
We also plan on testing our method on an annotated dataset for example using existing annotated PICO element datasets  Combining classifiers for robust pico element detection et al Unsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
One such approach has been introduced by Unsupervised biomedical named entity recognition Experiments with clinical and biological texts and Elhadad  who have proposed a model for unsupervised Named Entity RecognitionUnsupervised Identification of Study Descriptors in Toxicology Research An Experimental Study
In seeking to exploit the potential of genomics and other molecular analytical techniques increasing emphases on differentiation and stratification of target objectives and populations have emerged while challenges in establishing statistically significant associations between diseases and disease markers require data of ever larger target populations both healthy subjects as well as patients  Size matters just How Big is BIG quantifying realistic sample size requirements for human genome epidemiology et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
Recent scholarly work within science and technology studies STS has sought to develop a series of analytical tools for recognizing how such reconfigurations are taking place and understanding their implications for current understandings of life  Bio objects and the Bio objectification process et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
In medical sociology and STS the relationships between research and care have been explored in a number of ways particularly through addressing the ways in which medical uncertainties are dealt with by practitioners and researchers Fox Timmermans and Angell Alderson  the consequences of intertwining research and care at the level of clinical practice Lwy Timmermans Wadmann and Hoeyer  the role of clinical trials as a constitutive component of clinical cancer care  Keating and Cambrosio  as well as the ways in which changing practices and processes of research and drug development affect the organization and practice of clinical care and public health Fisher When experiments travel clinical trials and the global search for human subjects Governing the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
PSI is a large initiative aimed at providing a model for collaborative clinical biobanking across clinical disciplines and medical institutions in which University Medical Centres UMCs coordinate and account for the lions share of relatively highimpact biomedical research  PSI the Dutch academic infrastructure for shared biobanks for translational research et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
For instance Managing incidental findings and research results in genomic research involving biobanks and archived data sets and others consider that findings that are analytically valid reveal an established and substantial risk of a serious health condition and are clinically actionable should generally be offered to consenting contributors Managing incidental findings and research results in genomic research involving biobanks and archived data sets et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
At the same time patients role in such consent procedures remained restricted to a generic approval at the point of collection of tissue and data Ethical review of biobanks in the Netherlands lessons from the string of pearls initiative et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
Other initiatives for coordinating provision and access particularly tumor samples in the United States and across Europe as well  TuBaFrost  uniting local frozen tumour banks into a European network an overview et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
for instance the Radboud biobank in The Radboud biobank a central facility for prospective clinical biobanking in the radboud university medical center et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
At the same time the labour performed by most donors is also minimized and made invisible by integrating it into routine aspects of care  National biobanks clinical labor risk production and the creation of biovalue and Waldby Governing the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
Prospective initiatives with comparable aims are emerging at academic healthcare institutions across the globe as well as at the field level around specific diseases European Commission The EuroBioBank network  years of hands on experience of collaborative transnational biobanking for rare diseases et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
The severe ethical and legal conundrums surrounding AndMes ways of feeding back findings notwithstanding many considered their model to be attractive not least because of the kind of involvement and interest on the part of citizen scientists such feedback of data may invoke Voting with their mice personal genome testing and the participatory Turn in disease research Wyatt et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
From various angles scholars have proposed alternative understandings and principles underpinning biobank governance based more overtly on concepts of solidarity and the public good  Knoppers and Chadwick A solidarity based approach to the governance of research biobanks and Buyx Governing the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
Yet achieving that transformation will first require huge infrastructural changes in biomedical research particularly in collecting managing and using human tissue and data in largescale systematic fashion  Banking on the human genome project and Beaulieu Yuille et alGoverning the researchcare divide in clinical biobanking Dutch perspectives
This peculiarity of GrCs response patterns lead to a low output variability How synaptic release probability shapes neuronal transmission information theoretic analysis in a cerebellar granule cell which in turn greatly reduces the complexity of calculations and the duration of recording sessionsThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
The cerebellar granular layer microcircuit allows to obtain MI quantification between mf and GrCs because i mf inputs are conveyed through highfrequency bursts up to Hz High fidelity transmission of sensory information by single cerebellar mossy fibre boutons that have been well characterized enabling a proper representation of the input space The Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
In response to mossy fibers mf inputs cerebellar GrCs respond with stereotyped patterns displaying a limited number of spikes typically two or less  which are confined in a restricted time window by the intervention of Golgi cells inhibition The cerebellar Golgi cell and spatiotemporal organization of granular layer activityThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
Patchclamp RecordingsWholecell recordings from GrCs were obtained with patchclamp technique LTP regulates burst initiation and frequency at mossy fiber granule cell synapses of rat cerebellum experimental observations and theoretical predictions by using an Axopatch B amplifier Molecular Devices Union City CA USA dB cutoff frequency   kHzThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
MI descends directly from response entropy and noise entropy  which are correlated to the variability of responses to separate inputs  or to the same input Correcting for the sampling bias problem in spike train information measures respectivelyThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
Total charge transfer was calculated by measuring IPSCs area Dual actions of volatile anesthetics on GABA A IPSCs dissociation of blocking and prolonging effectsThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
MI descends directly from response entropy and noise entropy The Mathematical Theory of Communication The Bell System technical which are correlated to the variability of responses to separate inputs The Mathematical Theory of Communication The Bell System technical or to the same input  respectivelyThe Effect of Desflurane on Neuronal Communication at a Central Synapse
The evolving university context and missions discussed by Building an innovation hub A case study of the transformation of university roles in regional technological and economic development and Shapira  show a timeline of three models of universitiesPositioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
Lastly the evolving model is also called the rd Generation Universities and it considers universities as knowledge hubs and the institutions are integrated in an intelligent manner to promote indigenous development and new capabilities  Knowledge sharing in the Indonesian context institut teknologi Bandung ITB as potential knowledge hub to create value from academia business and government linkages Beyond the Knowledge Trap Developing Asias s Knowledge Based Economies et al Youtie amp Shapira Positioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
Several studies that have involved the knowledge attitude and perception of various issues have been conducted worldwide  Abasiubong et al Perception of teachers knowledge attitude and teaching skills as predictor of academic performance in Nigerian secondary schools amp Tayo Anjum et al Erhum et al Tjakraatmadja et al Positioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
Several studies that have involved the knowledge attitude and perception of various issues have been conducted worldwide  Abasiubong et al Adediwura amp Tayo Knowledge attitude and perception of water pipe smoking Shisha among adolescents aged   years et al Erhum et al Tjakraatmadja et al Positioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
Several studies that have involved the knowledge attitude and perception of various issues have been conducted worldwide  Knowledge attitude and perception of epilepsy among traditional healers in Uyo et al Adediwura amp Tayo Anjum et al Erhum et al Tjakraatmadja et al Positioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
On the other hand in academic arena as discussed in several studies Clapham Jones Publish and perish IMSMAGAZINESUMMER   the phrase Publish or perish has been used to researchers and academicians to describe the need to publish their research worksPositioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
On the other hand in academic arena as discussed in several studies Publish or perish Jones Ali  the phrase Publish or perish has been used to researchers and academicians to describe the need to publish their research worksPositioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
On the other hand in academic arena as discussed in several studies Clapham Publish or perish Ali  the phrase Publish or perish has been used to researchers and academicians to describe the need to publish their research worksPositioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
For instance in India the knowledge perception attitude of adolescent girls towards STIsHIV and safer sex education were done and indicated the need to implement genderbased sex education Study of knowledge perception and attitude of adolescent girls towards STIs HIV safer sex and sex education A cross sectional survey of urban adolescent school girls in South Delhi Positioning Mbeya University of Science and Technology in Tanzania in the Systems of Innovation Perspective
Borenstein  Allcott  load shifting between periods temporary load shedding or both of the latter eg The potential of demand side management in energy intensive industries for electricity markets in Germany andBorggrefe  Keane et alOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
Introduction The application of demandside management DSM in power systems recently gains increasing attention in many countries as it provides a means of accommodating growing power generation from fluctuating renewable sources and may help to address carbon emissions constraints network restrictions and concerns about capacity adequacy  Strbac  Demand response in smart electricity grids equipped with renewable energy sources A review and Alizadeh  Bergaentzl et alOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
There are substantial potentials for DSM applications in different sectors and countries Stadler and BukviSchfer  EPRI  Assessment of the theoretical demand response potential in On the representation of demandside management in power system models
There are substantial potentials for DSM applications in different sectors and countries Demand side management as a solution for the balancing problem of distributed generation with high penetration of renewable energy sources and BukviSchfer  EPRI  Gils On the representation of demandside management in power system models
There is no common definition of demandside management and many authors differentiate only vaguely between DSM demand response and temporarily increased energy efficiency eg The power of efficiency Optimizing environmental and social benefits through demand side management Energy et alOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
Moreover the demand side is viewed as a potentially relevant source for the provision of reserves  Demand response in liberalized electricity markets Analysis of aggregated load participation in the German balancing mechanism et alOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
For example Energy system investment model incorporating heat pumps with thermal storage in buildings and buffer tanks and Balyk   model demand response in a unit commitment framework by not only including hourly ownprice elasticities but also crossprice elasticities to account for load shifts between hoursOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
Introduction The application of demandside management DSM in power systems recently gains increasing attention in many countries as it provides a means of accommodating growing power generation from fluctuating renewable sources and may help to address carbon emissions constraints network restrictions and concerns about capacity adequacy  Demand side management Benefits and challenges  Aghaei and Alizadeh  Bergaentzl et alOn the representation of demandside management in power system models
We can sometimes guess at a candidate gene within the locus  Jostins et al  sometimes implicate a gene by virtue of an abundance of rare variants among affected individuals  Jostins et al  in rare circumstances use therapeutic modulation of a pathway to pinpoint the gene  Moon et al  and sometimes identify one by painstaking experimental dissection  From noncoding variant to phenotype via SORT at the p cholesterol locus et al  but generally identification of the underlying gene has not become easierDistilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
When known such as the effect of dietary cholesterol visa  vis genes involved in cholesterol metabolism in atherosclerosis such environmental exposures to genedeficient mouse models have provided a tight circle of proof  Severe hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E deficient mice created by homologous recombination in ES cells et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
Although the genome is linear its expression and biology are highly nonlinear and hierarchical being sequestered in specific cells and organelles Cellular resolution models for even skipped regulation in the entire Drosophila embryo et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
In fact more than  confirmed loci each containing multiple genes affecting susceptibility to more than  medically relevant traits eg blood pressure and disease eg hypertension are now known  Potential etiologic and functional implications of genome wide association loci for human diseases and traits et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
A recent example of gestational hypoxia modulating the effect of Notch signaling and leading to scoliosis in mice and in human families shows how environmental factors beyond diet can be examined even for congenital disorders A mechanism for gene environment interaction in the etiology of congenital scoliosis et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
Eventually even computational models of tissue physiology such as for the cardiac system  Circulation overall regulation et al  might be helpfulDistilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
This approach has been highly profitable in Crohns diseasea common inflammatory disorder whose root causes remained cryptic until genomewide association studies identified a large number of loci with fundamental defects in mucosal immunity  Graham and Xavier but not in type  diabetes where the pathophysiology awaits clarification  Genetics of diabetes Are we missing the genes or the disease  and Pociot Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
However imperfect animal models are progress in the direction of understanding causality has been very beneficial when gene disruptions alone perhaps at more than one gene have taught us fundamental lessons in pathophysiology SnapShot Lung cancer models et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
So what might be rigorous proof of an attractive candidate In microbiology Robert Koch set out three postulates that had to be satisfied to connect a specific bacterium among the multitudes encountered not unlike current genome analysis to a disease the agent had to be isolated from an affected subject the agent had to produce disease when transmitted to an animal and the agent had to be recoverable from an animals lesion Molecular Koch s postulates applied to microbial pathogenicity Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
Any component locus for a complex disease has no such restriction as the causal variants are neither necessary nor sufficient nor coding in fact they are frequently noncoding and regulatory nor rare  Differential contributions of rare and common coding and noncoding Ret mutations to multifactorial Hirschsprung disease liability et al Jostins et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
There is indeed evidence for scenarios in which variation in complex traits including risk of complex disease is mediated by a myriad of variants of minute effect spread evenly across the genome Genome partitioning of genetic variation for complex traits using common SNPs et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
Understanding this hierarchy the province of systems biology is critical to the solution of the complex inheritance problem  Dynamic regulatory network controlling TH cell differentiation et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
In the late  th century when bacteria were first shown to cause human disease they were indiscriminately implicated in all manner of disease with little proof Koch s postulates for cholesterol and Goldstein Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
As the case for Marfan syndrome demonstrates the identification of fibrillin  mutations was insufficient to identify therapies without the concomitant understanding of the pathophysiology  Angiotensin II blockade and aortic root dilation in Marfan s syndrome et al Distilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
We can sometimes guess at a candidate gene within the locus  Jostins et al  sometimes implicate a gene by virtue of an abundance of rare variants among affected individuals  Jostins et al  in rare circumstances use therapeutic modulation of a pathway to pinpoint the gene  WNT and beta catenin signalling diseases and therapies et al  and sometimes identify one by painstaking experimental dissection  Musunuru et al  but generally identification of the underlying gene has not become easierDistilling Pathophysiology from Complex Disease Genetics
More recently the universality conjecture of Dubrovin  has been proven in Universality of the break up profile for the KdV equation in the small dispersion limit using the Riemann Hilbert approach and Grava  for solutions to the KdV equation with analytic initial data vanishing at infinityOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
The properties of the tritronques solutions in the finite part of the complex plane were studied in the important paper of On Boutroux s tritronqu e solutions of the first Painlev equation and Kitaev On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides Carles Ceniceros and Tian Forest and Lee Grenier Semiclassical Soliton Ensembles for the Focusing Nonlinear Schr dinger Equation Semiclassical Soliton Ensembles for the Focusing Nonlinear Schr dinger Equation et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Thus our study can be considered as a continuation of the program initiated in On Hamiltonian perturbations of hyperbolic systems of conservation laws II universality of critical behavior  to study critical behavior of Hamiltonian perturbations of nonlinear hyperbolic PDEs the fundamental difference is that the nonperturbed system  is not hyperbolicOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides Carles Ceniceros and Tian Geometry and modulation theory for the periodic nonlinear Schr dinger equation and Lee Grenier Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
To test this we determine the numerical solution via bvpc for PI on Chebychev collocation points and check the accuracy with which the equation is satisfied via Chebychev differentiation see eg Spectral Methods in MATLAB SIAM On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides WKB analysis for the nonlinear Schr dinger equation and instability results Ceniceros and Tian Forest and Lee Grenier Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides Carles A numerical study of the semi classical limit of the focusing nonlinear Schr dinger equation and Tian Forest and Lee Grenier Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Our considerations suggest the description of the leading term in the asymptotic expansion of the solution to  near the critical point via a particular solution to the classical PainlevI equation PI       The socalled tritronque solution to PI was discovered by Recherches sur les transcendants de M Painlev et l tude asymptotique des quations diff rentielles du second ordre  as the unique solution having no poles in the sector  arg   lt  for sufficiently large  On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides Carles Ceniceros and Tian Forest and Lee Semiclassical limit of the nonlinear Schr dinger equation in small time Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
in the terminology of Structural Stability and Morphogenesis An Outline of a General Theory of Models On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
The elliptic asymptotics obtained by The isomonodromy technique and the elliptic asymptotics of the first Painlev transcendent  might be useful for studying these poles for large  In this paper we did not study the behavior of solutions to NLS near the boundary u  On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Quasi linear Stokes phenomenon for the Painlev first equation  obtained a complete characterization of the tritronques solutions in terms of the RiemannHilbert problem associated with PIOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
This is done numerically by using the algorithm of Convergence properties of the Nelder Mead simplex method in low dimensions et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
One of the striking features that distinguishes this equation from say the defocusing casei t     xx       is the phenomenon of modulation or BenjaminFeir instability Nonlinear Fiber Optics Cross and Hohenberg Forest and Lee  that is selfinduced amplitude modulation of a continuous wave propagating in a nonlinear medium with subsequent generation of localized structuresOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Introduction The focusing nonlinear Schrdinger NLS equation for the complex valued function    x t i t     xx        has numerous physical applications in the description of nonlinear waves see eg the books Whitham Solitons in Mathematics and Physics CBMS NSF Regional Conference Series in Applied Mathematics Novikov et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Introduction The focusing nonlinear Schrdinger NLS equation for the complex valued function    x t i t     xx        has numerous physical applications in the description of nonlinear waves see eg the books Whitham Newell Theory of Solitons et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Introducing the quantityM      A   we find that the semiclassical solution for these initial data follows from  withf u v    v    v  M     v  M     u log u    u log    v  M       v  M    where      v  M   u   For    we recover the Initial value problems of one dimensional self modulation of nonlinear waves in dispersive media and Yajima  initial data that were studied numerically in Miller and Kamvissis On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
The code bvpc distributed with Matlab see Solving Boundary Value Problems for Ordinary Differential Equations in MATLAB with bvpc et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
For the full system  the Cauchy problem is well posed for a suitable class of independent initial data see details in Ginibre and Velo L  solutions for nonlinear Schr dinger equations and nonlinear groups On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
The focusing nonlinear Schrdinger NLS equation for the complex valued function    x t i t     xx        has numerous physical applications in the description of nonlinear waves see eg the books Linear and Nonlinear Waves Newell Novikov et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
It can be considered as an infinite dimensional analogue of a completely integrable Hamiltonian system One dimensional perturbations of a differential operator and the inverse scattering problem where the Hamiltonian and the Poisson bracket is given by t   x H    x   y  ix  y  H     x       dxhere   stands for the complex conjugate functionOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
They have been studied both analytically and numerically in Ceniceros and Tian  Forest and Lee  Grenier  The behavior of solutions of the NLS equation in the semiclassical limit et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
This phenomenon is similar to the gradient catastrophe of solutions to nonlinear hyperbolic PDEs Blowup for Nonlinear Hyperbolic Equations On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Here we are studying however the solution on a line in the complex plane where we know the asymptotic conditions for the affine parameter tending to Thus we use as in A Hele Shaw problem and the second Painlev transcendent and Tanveer  the asymptotic conditions on lines avoiding the sector  arg   gt  to set up a boundary value problem for y  y e  y e  On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
This codimension  singularity is one of the real forms labeled by the root system of the D  type in the terminology of Singularity Theory I Dynamical Systems VI et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Numerical simulation of the semiclassical limit of the focusing nonlinear Schr dinger equation and Kutz Buckingham and Venakides Carles Ceniceros and Tian Forest and Lee Grenier Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
Properties of various classes of solutions to this equation have been extensively studied both analytically and numerically  Bronski and Kutz Long time asymptotics of the nonlinear Schr dinger equation shock problem and Venakides Carles Ceniceros and Tian Forest and Lee Grenier Kamvissis Kamvissis et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
The existence of the needed solution to P   has been rigorously established in The existence of a real pole free solution of the fourth order analogue of the Painlev I equation and Vanlessen On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
One of the striking features that distinguishes this equation from say the defocusing casei t     xx       is the phenomenon of modulation or BenjaminFeir instability Agrawal Pattern formation outside of equilibrium and Hohenberg Forest and Lee  that is selfinduced amplitude modulation of a continuous wave propagating in a nonlinear medium with subsequent generation of localized structuresOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
However many ideas and methods of On Hamiltonian perturbations of hyperbolic systems of conservation laws I quasitriviality of bihamiltonian perturbations  see also On Hamiltonian perturbations of hyperbolic systems of conservation laws I quasitriviality of bihamiltonian perturbations et alOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
This was shown in On universality of critical behavior in Hamiltonian PDEs  for the particular class of perturbations of the second order nonlinear wave equationOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
 Recall Ordinary Differential Equations  that an arbitrary solution to this equation is a meromorphic function on the complex  planeOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
It can be considered as an infinite dimensional analogue of a completely integrable Hamiltonian system  Exact theory of two dimensional self focusing and one dimensional selfmodulation of waves in nonlinear media and Shabat Shabat  where the Hamiltonian and the Poisson bracket is given by t   x H    x   y  ix  y  H     x       dxhere   stands for the complex conjugate functionOn universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
For the full system  the Cauchy problem is well posed for a suitable class of independent initial data see details in On a class of nonlinear Schr dinger equations I the Cauchy problem general case and Velo Tsutsumi On universality of critical behavior in the focusing nonlinear schrodinger equation elliptic umbilic catastrophe and the tritronquee solution to the painlevei equation
An alternative approach to solving the reverse inference problem has been developed by Poldrack and colleagues eg Lenartowicz et al Large scale automated synthesis of human functional neuroimaging data et al Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
To illustrate consider the motivation given by Word learning as Bayesian inference and Tenenbaum  in developing their Bayesian account of word learningBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Over the last  years CL theorising within the cognitive sciences has come to be dominated by approaches in which behaviour is understood in probabilistic terms with appeal to Bayes theorem in order to determine the posterior probability of an event given evidence and prior probabilities eg The Cambridge Handbook of Computational Psychology Kemp amp Tenenbaum Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Perhaps just as critically Anatomy of deductive reasoning  argues that interpretation of the neural data from reasoning experiments requires a reevaluation of psychological theories of reasoning with the neuroscience evidence indicating that human reasoning involves separate systems for dealing with a familiar and unfamiliar material b conflicting information and belief bias and c certain and uncertain informationBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
A similar approach to bridging CL and ARL theories also does so by memory retrieval mechanisms based on relevance to the current context Anderson A functional model of sensemaking in a neurocognitive architecture et al Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
This approach has recently been adopted by Bayesian theorists in the form of rational process models Sanborn Griffiths amp Navarro Exemplar models as a mechanism for performing Bayesian inference Griffiths Feldman amp Sanborn Griffiths Vul amp Sanborn Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
For example over the last decade Human symbol manipulation within an integrated cognitive architecture and his colleagues have attempted to map the core modules of the ACTR cognitive architecture onto brain regions via fMRI data relating to the BOLD response eg Human symbol manipulation within an integrated cognitive architecture Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
This approach has recently been adopted by Bayesian theorists in the form of rational process models Rational approximations to rational models Alternative algorithms for category learning Griffiths amp Navarro Shi Griffiths Feldman amp Griffiths Vul ampBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Weaver  category theory Phillips amp Wilson  graph theory  Baronchelli et al  and even the problemspace theory of Human Problem Solving and Simon Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
One move in this direction is the computational rationality approach Howes Computational rationality Linking mechanism and behavior rough bounded utility maximization amp Vera Computational rationality Linking mechanism and behavior rough bounded utility maximization Howes amp Singh  which applies Russell and Subramanians  notion of bounded optimality for artificial intelligence agents to the analysis of human behaviourBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Vision A computational investigation into the human representation and processing of visual information  used differential equations but other feasible CL languages include formal logics such as firstorder predicate logic various modal logics defeasible logics see Baggio van Lambalgen amp Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
One can make many arguments for the utility of developing cognitive models within a cognitive architecture see for example Unified Theories of Cognition  andCassimatis et al  but adopting the concept of cognitive architecture is in fact highly consistent with Marrs original approach to visionBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Similar appeals to the utility of CL explanation are common in the Bayesian literature see eg The Bayesian Reader Explaining word recognition as an optimal Bayesian decision process Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Bayesian approaches have been particularly successful in providing putative accounts of behaviour that may be broadly characterised as inductive such as categorisation Tenenbaum amp Griffiths  and reasoning The probabilistic approach to human reasoning amp Chater  but it is important to recognise that there are alternative frameworks within which CL explanations might be developedBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Weaver  category theory Categorial compositionality A Category Theory explanation for the systematicity of human cognition amp Wilson  graph theory  Baronchelli et al  and even the problemspace theory of Newell and Simon Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
For example over the last decade Anderson and his colleagues have attempted to map the core modules of the ACTR cognitive architecture onto brain regions via fMRI data relating to the BOLD response eg Anderson Anderson et al Predicting the practice effects on the blood oxygenation level dependent BOLD function of fMRI in a symbolic manipulation task et alBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
This has resulted in recent demonstrations that the importance sampling algorithm can be implemented by exemplarbased memory mechanisms Neural implementation of hierarchical Bayesian inference by importance sampling amp Griffiths Neural implementation of hierarchical Bayesian inference by importance sampling Griffiths Feldman amp Sanborn Abbott Hamrick amp Griffiths Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
An alternative approach to solving the reverse inference problem has been developed by Poldrack and colleagues eg Towards an ontology of cognitive control et al Yarkoni et al Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
This has resulted in recent demonstrations that the importance sampling algorithm can be implemented by exemplar based memory mechanisms Shi amp Griffiths Shi Griffiths Feldman amp Sanborn Approximating Bayesian inference with a sparse distributed memory system Hamrick amp Griffiths Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Popperian falsifiability is not necessarily a requirement for scientific theorising Lakatos  but the implications of the argument concerning performance factors are illustrated by the simulations of Cue selection and category learning A systematic comparison of three theories Yule and Fox  who compared the behaviour of three classes of model Bayesian associationist and hypothesis testing with that of subjects on a sequential category learning task medical diagnosisBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
On explanation in the cognitive sciences Competence idealisation and the failure of the classical cascade  argued that in the absence of a performance theory competence theories have limited predictive utilityBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
A similar approach to bridging CL and ARL theories also does so by memory retrieval mechanisms based on relevance to the current context How Can the Human Mind Occur in the Physical Universe Lebiere et al Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Weaver  category theory Phillips amp Wilson  graph theory  Networks in Cognitive Science et al  and even the problemspace theory of Newell and Simon Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
One can make many arguments for the utility of developing cognitive models within a cognitive architecture see for example Newell  andAbility breadth and parsimony in computational models of higher order cognition et al  but adopting the concept of cognitive architecture is in fact highly consistent with Marrs original approach to visionBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Again Marr  makes this point citing Aspects of the Theory of Syntaxs distinction between linguistic competence and linguistic performance within transformational grammar Aspects of the Theory of Syntax  as corresponding to the difference between a CL explanation and an ARL one with performance factors modulating the competence theoryBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Those theories draw on the same distinctions discussed by Goel see eg On the conflict between logic and belief in syllogistic reasoning Barston amp Pollard Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
Popperian falsifiability is not necessarily a requirement for scientific theorising Falsification and the methodology of scientific research programs  but the implications of the argument concerning performance factors are illustrated by the simulations of Cooper Yule and Fox  who compared the behaviour of three classes of model Bayesian associationist and hypothesis testing with that of subjects on a sequential category learning task medical diagnosisBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
But could one not study the operation of the brain directly with neuroscience evidence alone Notwithstanding Marrs analysis some might argue that this approach has been successful in understanding the functioning of peripheral systems with lowlevel visual processing being perhaps the most celebrated success Receptive fields binocular interaction and functional architecture in the cat s visual cortex amp Wiesel Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
This approach has recently been adopted by Bayesian theorists in the form of rational process models Sanborn Bridging levels of analysis for probabilistic models of cognition amp Navarro Shi Bridging levels of analysis for probabilistic models of cognition Feldman amp Sanborn Bridging levels of analysis for probabilistic models of cognition Vul amp Sanborn Beyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
One move in this direction is the computational rationality approach Rational adaptation under task and processing constraints Implications for testing theories of cognition and action Lewis amp Vera Lewis Rational adaptation under task and processing constraints Implications for testing theories of cognition and action amp Singh  which applies Russell and Subramanians  notion of bounded optimality for artificial intelligence agents to the analysis of human behaviourBeyond SingleLevel Accounts The Role of Cognitive Architectures in Cognitive Scientific Explanation
However despite this flaw in the literature recent studies replicated choiceinduced preference change with experimental designs that account for this artefact Neural correlates of cognitive dissonance and choice induced preference changeAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
One paradigm demonstrating how choice affects preferences is the freechoice paradigm wherein value judgements are gathered on options before and after subjects are forced to choose one and reject the other option How Choice Affects and Reflects Preferences Revisiting the Free Choice ParadigmAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
One paradigm demonstrating how choice affects preferences is the freechoice paradigm wherein value judgements are gathered on options before and after subjects are forced to choose one and reject the other option Choice induced preference change in the free choice paradigm a critical methodological reviewAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
However despite this flaw in the literature recent studies replicated choiceinduced preference change with experimental designs that account for this artefact Choice Blindness and Preference Change You Will Like This Paper Better If You Believe You Chose to Read It Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Indeed a coupling of action and reward could affect choiceinduced preference change as it has been linked to dopaminergic circuitry Action dominates valence in anticipatory representations in the human striatum and dopaminergic midbrain and an effect in the striatum Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Indeed a coupling of action and reward could affect choiceinduced preference change as it has been linked to dopaminergic circuitry  and an effect in the striatum How choice reveals and shapes expected hedonic outcomeAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Indeed a coupling of action and reward could affect choiceinduced preference change as it has been linked to dopaminergic circuitry Action controls dopaminergic enhancement of reward representations and an effect in the striatum Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
In this regard the findings add to an emerging picture that action expression in itself is relevant for valuation and behavior Go and no go learning in reward and punishment interactions between affect and effectAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
A recent study Changing value through cued approach an automatic mechanism of behavior change reported that the relative value of visually represented items is enhanced by button presses to a coinciding auditory cueAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
We believe that this is consistent with a Pavlovian congruence framework Action versus valence in decision making in which button presses are a model for approach behaviourAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
In this regard the findings add to an emerging picture that action expression in itself is relevant for valuation and behavior Reconciling the role of serotonin in behavioral inhibition and aversion acute tryptophan depletion abolishes punishment induced inhibition in humansAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
the aforementioned asymmetry in regret over committed or omitted action Varieties of regret A debate and partial resolutionAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
One possibility is this is related to an increased sense of causality and personal responsibility associated with overt actions Omission and Commission in Judgment and ChoiceAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Therefore the effect of action on dynamics of choiceinduced preference change is also consistent with accounts of preference change focusing on selfperception see Cognitive Dissonance Progress on a Pivotal Theory in Social Psychology Washington DC American Psychological Association for discussionsAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
This asymmetry of regret for action and inaction has been linked to a number of possible explanations and mediating factors including sense of agency Mental models and counterfactual thoughts about what might have been cognitive accessibility  and differential mutability Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Given that this bias is independent of valence it may reflect a general action bias observed in instrumental learning under uncertainty Differential but not opponent effects of L DOPA and citalopram on action learning with reward and punishmentAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Given that this bias is independent of valence it may reflect a general action bias observed in instrumental learning under uncertainty Structural integrity of the substantia nigra and subthalamic nucleus predicts flexibility of instrumental learning in older age individualsAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Given that this bias is independent of valence it may reflect a general action bias observed in instrumental learning under uncertainty Frontal theta overrides pavlovian learning biasesAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
This choice bias is especially interesting because it makes explanations of enhanced revaluation due to effort The IKEA effect When labor leads to love less plausible for the effect of action on the dynamics of choiceinduced preference changeAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
By contrast a general bias towards action could be explained by a higher hedonic value of action itself if inaction is perceived as inhibition Hedonic value of intentional action provides reinforcement for voluntary generation but not voluntary inhibition of actionAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
In this regard the findings add to an emerging picture that action expression in itself is relevant for valuation and behavior Avoidance of harm and anxiety a role for the nucleus accumbensAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
we adapted a free choice paradigm Postdecision Changes in the Desirability of Alternatives to investigate the impact of approach on choice and choiceinduced preferencechangeAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Furthermore a recent study shows that devaluation of stimuli can be induced by stopping actions Stimulus Devaluation Induced by Stopping ActionAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
choosing among overall positive or overall negative outcomes The misbehavior of value and the discipline of the willAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
In the negative valence group images were selected from the IAPS International affective picture system IAPS Affective ratings of pictures and instruction manual including dangerous animals mutilations and depictions of violenceAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
This asymmetry of regret for action and inaction has been linked to a number of possible explanations and mediating factors including sense of agency  cognitive accessibility Differences in the cognitive accessibility of action and inaction regrets and differential mutability Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
However despite this flaw in the literature recent studies replicated choiceinduced preference change with experimental designs that account for this artefact I choose therefore I like preference for faces induced by arbitrary choiceAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
However despite this flaw in the literature recent studies replicated choiceinduced preference change with experimental designs that account for this artefact Do decisions shape preference Evidence from blind choiceAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
The observation that choices express but also shape our preferences is a consistent finding How actions create not just reveal preferencesAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
This asymmetry of regret for action and inaction has been linked to a number of possible explanations and mediating factors including sense of agency  cognitive accessibility  and differential mutability When does action elicit more regret than inaction and is counterfactual mutation the mediator of this effect Action and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
This asymmetry of regret for action and inaction has been linked to a number of possible explanations and mediating factors including sense of agency  cognitive accessibility  and differential mutability The Psychology of PreferencesAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
By contrast a general bias towards action could be explained by a higher hedonic value of action itself if inaction is perceived as inhibition To do or not to do the neural signature of self controlAction and Valence Modulate Choice and ChoiceInduced Preference Change
Since then magnetic refrigeration is a standard technique in cryogenics which has shown to be useful to cool down from a few Kelvin Principles and Application of Magnetic CoolingMoleculeBased Magnetic Coolers Measurement Design and Application
Let us recall Introduction to Solid State Physics that the definition of the entropy of a system having  accessible states is S E  k B lnMoleculeBased Magnetic Coolers Measurement Design and Application
Since then magnetic refrigeration is a standard technique in cryogenics which has shown to be useful to cool down from a few Kelvin Matter and Methods at Low TemperaturesMoleculeBased Magnetic Coolers Measurement Design and Application
The modified Maslach Burnout Inventory for use among clergy has been further modified and refined by Happy but exhausted Work related psychological health among clergyWorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Manual of the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire adult and junior  three dimensional model of personality has been operationalised in a series of instruments designed for use among both adults and young people including the Manual of the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire adult and junior  Personality QuestionnaireWorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Introduction The conceptualisation operationalisation and assessment of the workrelated psychological health of clergy is a matter that seems to be commanding increasing attention within the fields of pastoral psychology Charlton Rolph The relationship between work related psychological health and psychological type among clergy serving in the Presbyterian Church USA  Rolph amp Robbins  and empirical theology The relationship between work related psychological health and psychological type among clergy serving in the Presbyterian Church USA  Wulff amp Robbins WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
In an attempt to bring greater scientific objectivity to the conceptualisation and assessment of clergy workrelated psychological health a number of studies have employed the The Maslach Burnout Inventory Burnout Inventory MBI established by The Maslach Burnout Inventory and Jackson WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Challenging Maslachs three dimensional model of burnout Francis Kaldor Robbins and Castle  argued that a more empirically economic and theoretically coherent model of clergy workrelated psychological health could be developed from The structure of psychological well being classic notion of balanced affect according to which positive affect and negative affect are not opposite ends of a single continuum but two separate continuaWorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
A series of studies has reported findings employing this modified form of the Maslach Burnout Inventory in the United Kingdom among Roman Catholic priests engaged in parochial ministry Francis Louden amp Rutledge Francis Turton amp Louden  and among Anglican parochial clergy Francis amp Rutledge Francis amp Turton a bExamining the relationship between burnout and age among Anglican clergy in England and Wales Examining the relationship between burnout and age among Anglican clergy in England and Wales Rutledge Turton amp Francis WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
In particular the negative side concerning the expression and implications of poor workrelated psychological health has been reflected in a series of arresting titles like Ministry burnout Sanford  Clergy stress The hidden conflicts in ministry Coate  Clergy under stress Fletcher  Burnout Stress in ministry Davey  Healthy clergy Wounded healers Walmsley amp Lummis Between two worlds Understanding and managing clergy stress Irvine  Burnout in church leaders Kaldor amp Bullpit  The cracked pot The state of todays Anglican parish clergy Warren  and Clergy burnout Clergy burnout Recovering from the  hour work week and other self defecting practices WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
The notion of the lie scale has not however remained as simple as that and their continued use has resulted in them being interpreted as a personality measure in their own right Social desirability scales More substance than styleFurnham WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Eysencks dimensional model of personality has been used alongside the Maslach Burnout Inventory among a range of occupational groups including teachers by Capel  and Goddard OBrien and Goddard  childcare workers by Multiple correlates of burnout in child care workers  employment service case managers by Goddard Creed and Patton  and Goddard Patton and Creed  and nurses by Bhler and Land  generally fail to reach statistical significanceWorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
These studies included work reported by Warner and Carter  Strmpfer and Bands  Rodgerson and Piedmont  StantonRich and IsoAhola  Virginia  Evers and Tomic  Golden Piedmont Ciarrocchi and Rodgerson  Raj and Dean  Changes in burnout over the first  months in ministry Links with stress and orientation to ministry a b and Doolittle WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Lie scales were originally introduced into personality inventories to detect the tendency of some respondents to fake good and so to distort the resultant personality scores An historical review of the lie scale With particular reference to the Maudsley Personality Inventory WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
These studies included work reported by Warner and Carter  Strmpfer and Bands  Rodgerson and Piedmont  StantonRich and IsoAhola  Virginia  Evers and Tomic  Golden Piedmont Ciarrocchi and Rodgerson  Burnout and depression among Catholic priests in India and Dean  Miner a b and Doolittle WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Recent studies employing the Francis Burnout Inventory have been reported by Francis Wulff and Work related psychological health among Church of England clergywomen Individual differences and psychological type WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
The modified Maslach Burnout Inventory for use among clergy has been further modified and refined by The factor structure of a measure of burnout specific to clergy and its trial application with respect to some individual difference Francis and Rutledge WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
These studies included work reported by Warner and Carter  Strmpfer and Bands  Assessing the incremental validity of the Religious Problem Solving Scale in the prediction of clergy burnout and Piedmont  StantonRich and IsoAhola  Virginia  Evers and Tomic  Golden Piedmont Ciarrocchi and Assessing the incremental validity of the Religious Problem Solving Scale in the prediction of clergy burnout  Raj and Dean  Miner a b and Doolittle WorkRelated Psychological Health Among Clergy Serving in The Presbyterian Church USA Testing the Idea of Balanced Affect
Developmental trajectories of psychotic like experiences across adolescence impact of victimization and substance use CastellanosRyan and Conrod  found that distinct developmental trajectories can be identified in adolescent PLE with persistent and increasing subclasses predicted by victimization and substance usePrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Other PLE dimensions have been labeled as persecutory ideas bizarre experiences and magical thinking Psychotic like experiences in a community sample of adolescents Implications for the continuum model of psychosis and prediction of schizophrenia Nelson Baker Buckby Baksheev amp Cosgrave  or delusions paranoia grandiosity and paranormal beliefs Wigman Van Winkel Raaijmakers et al aPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In contrast to the transient AVH persistent AVH appear to increase the risk for depressed mood and general psychopathology in longitudinal studies De Loore Gunther Drukker et al  and AVH in later adolescence appears to have stronger association with psychiatric disorders compared to AVH in younger age groups Clinicopathological significance of psychotic experiences in non psychotic young people Evidence from four population based studies Keeley Corcoran et al bPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
The studies examining the prevalence of AVH in the general adult population have given varying estimates Nuevo Chatterji Verdes Naidoo Arango amp AyusoMateos  with a median estimate of  A systematic review and meta analysis of the psychosis continuum Evidence for a psychosis pronenesspersistence impairment model of psychotic disorder Linscott MyinGermeys Delespaul amp Krabbendam Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Childhood trauma has also been shown to increase the risk for having AVH in adult age Daalman Diederen Derks van Lutterveld Kahn amp Sommer Janssen Krabbendam Bak et al  and may also explain the higher rate of AVH in females as this is more often reported by females Daalman et al Janssen et al Psychopathology childhood sexual abuse and other childhood adversities Relative links to subsequent suicidal behaviour in the US Berkman amp Buka Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Childhood trauma has also been shown to increase the risk for having AVH in adult age Janssen Krabbendam Bak et al  and may also explain the higher rate of AVH in females as this is more often reported by females Childhood trauma and auditory verbal hallucinations et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Females in this age group report higher levels of depression Lundervold Breivik Posserud Stormark amp Hysing NolenHoeksema amp Girgus Emotional and behavioural antecedents of young adults who screen positive for non affective psychosis A  year birth cohort study Scott Williams et al  indicating that they expericence a higher stress level which could account for their having more stressful AVHPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
However ownthought AVH are common in clinical samples A new phenomenological survey of auditory hallucinations Evidence for subtypes and implications for theory and practicePrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
By contrast a slight albeit nonsignificant difference with girls reporting more hallucinations than boys has been reported Diagnostic outcome of self reported hallucinations in a community sample of adolescents Ferdinand Van der Ende Hofstra amp Verhulst Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In general nonclinical populations women have been found to have higher incidence of positive psychotic symptoms Maric Krabbendam Vollebergh de Graaf amp Van Os  and specifically auditory hallucinations Shevlin Murphy Dorahy amp Adamson Distribution of hallucinations in the population Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Childhood trauma has also been shown to increase the risk for having AVH in adult age Daalman Diederen Derks van Lutterveld Kahn amp Sommer Childhood abuse as a risk factor for psychotic experiences Krabbendam Bak et al  and may also explain the higher rate of AVH in females as this is more often reported by females Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In young adults age  a similar tendency for women reporting higher levels of hallucinations has been found Demographic correlates of psychotic like experiences in young Australian adults Welham Martin et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
However AVH and voicehearing may also occur without an accompanying psychotic disorder Healthy individuals with auditory verbal hallucinations who are they Psychiatric assessments of a selected sample of  subjects Daalman Rietkerk et al a and lie on a continuum from psychotic hallucinations to normal perceptual experiences see eg Lari Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
It has been demonstrated that a selfreport questions on AVH have a positive predictive value of  as well as a negative predictive value of  for interviewverified AVH experiences in adolescent samples Are screening instruments valid for psychotic like experiences A validation study of screening questions for psychotic like experiences using in depth clinical interview Harley Murtagh amp Cannon see also Horwood Salvi Thomas et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Finally socioeconomic variables have been suggested as possible modulatory variables on the expression of PLE Socio economic disadvantage and delusional like experiences A nationwide population based study Scott Varghese amp McGrath Scott Chant Andrews amp McGrath Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In clinical samples rates of auditory hallucinations have been suggested to be higher in female patients Rector amp Seeman Hallucinations in the acute schizophrenic type psychosis Effects of gender and age of illness onset Dowd amp Janicak  although there are many confounding variables which may account for apparent gender differences eg sampling biases comorbid depression etcPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Also we hypothesized that the prevalence of AVH would be influenced by age with the lowest prevalence in the oldest age groupFinally socioeconomic variables have been suggested as possible modulatory variables on the expression of PLE Saha Psychotic like experiences in the general community The correlates of CIDI psychosis screen items in an Australian sample Varghese amp McGrath Psychotic like experiences in the general community The correlates of CIDI psychosis screen items in an Australian sample Chant Andrews amp McGrath Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
AVH were in most cases transient whereas the persistence of AVH or transition to psychosis was suggested to be related to the severity of the hallucinatory experience  Examining the course of hallucinatory experiences in children and adolescents a systematic review et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Hormones in particular estrogens have been suggested as a factor which modulates the onset and symptomatology of psychotic disorders Psychopathology in women and men Focus on female hormones Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Further Dissecting auditory verbal hallucinations into two components Audibility Gedankenlautwerden and alienation Selten Diederen and Blom b suggest that the audibility component independent of content and appraisal should be considered separately as an important perceptual component of AVHs and reflects the neural pathophysiology underlying AVHPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In general nonclinical populations women have been found to have higher incidence of positive psychotic symptoms Maric Krabbendam Vollebergh de Graaf amp Van Os  and specifically auditory hallucinations The distribution of positive psychosis like symptoms in the population A latent class analysis of the National Comorbidity Survey Murphy Dorahy amp Adamson Tien Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Factor analyses of the LSHS have shown that while both of the items used in the present study load on an underlying auditory hallucinations factor Lari amp Van Der Linden Prevalence and dimensionality of hallucination like experiences in young adults Sisti Rocchi et al  the item addressing being troubled by the voices has also been found to load on a factor associated with psychopathology Aleman Nieuwenstein B ocker amp De Haan Waters Badcock amp Maybery  and has been associated with higher degree of negative emotionality Lari amp Van Der Linden Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Previous studies from the Bergen Child Study have shown that there is a selection bias where nonresponders have a slightly higher rate of mental health problems but with low effect sizes and minimal effect on mean estimates Predicting nonresponse bias from teacher ratings of mental health problems in primary school children Heiervang Heimann Lundervold amp Gillberg Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
The two AVH items used in the current study have shown strongest loading on the AVH factor  Lari et al Hallucination like experiences in the nonclinical population Lari Cella Raballo Petretto amp Preti Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
However the subtypes have also a differential risk for distress and poor functioning and hallucinations are among the subtypes with the strongest risk  Evidence for a persistent environmentdependent and deteriorating subtype of subclinical psychotic experiences A  year longitudinal general population study et al aYung et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In clinical samples rates of auditory hallucinations have been suggested to be higher in female patients Auditory hallucinations in women and men Seeman Sharma Dowd amp Janicak  although there are many confounding variables which may account for apparent gender differences eg sampling biases comorbid depression etcPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Factor analyses of the LSHS have shown that while both of the items used in the present study load on an underlying auditory hallucinations factor Lari amp Van Der Linden Preti Sisti Rocchi et al  the item addressing being troubled by the voices has also been found to load on a factor associated with psychopathology Multi dimensionality of hallucinatory predisposition Factor structure of the Launay Slade Hallucination Scale in a normal sample Nieuwenstein B ocker amp De Haan Waters Badcock amp Maybery  and has been associated with higher degree of negative emotionality Lari amp Van Der Linden  Note For parental education the percentage of dont know responses is omitted from the tablePrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
It is not yet clear however whether AVHs specifically increase the risk of schizophreniaspectrum disorders or whether they represent a nonspecific indicator for vulnerability to psychiatric disorders  Dhossche et al Specificity of childhood psychotic symptoms for predicting schizophrenia by  years of age A birth cohort study Caspi Poulton et al Welham et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In general nonclinical populations women have been found to have higher incidence of positive psychotic symptoms Sex differences in symptoms of psychosis in a non selected general population sample Krabbendam Vollebergh de Graaf amp Van Os  and specifically auditory hallucinations Shevlin Murphy Dorahy amp Adamson Tien Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Females in this age group report higher levels of depression Symptoms of depression as reported by Norwegian adolescents on the Short Mood and Feelings Questionnaire Breivik Posserud Stormark amp Hysing NolenHoeksema amp Girgus Welham Scott Williams et al  indicating that they expericence a higher stress level which could account for their having more stressful AVHPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Also depressive mood has also been shown to increase the risk of transition to psychosis in individuals with hallucinatory experiences Development of depressed mood predicts onset of psychotic disorder in individuals who report hallucinatory experiences MyinGermeys Hanssen et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In a systematic review of  studies Prevalence of psychotic symptoms in childhood and adolescence A systematic review and meta analysis of populationbased studies  reported a median prevalence of psychotic symptoms predominantly assessed as hearing voices to be  in general childhood samples ages  and  in adolescent samples ages Prevalence of psychotic symptoms in childhood and adolescence A systematic review and meta analysis of populationbased studiesPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
However the conversion to a psychiatric disorder and need for psychiatric care is probably mediated by environmental risk factors as well as factors such as coping style cognitive biases and negative emotional affect Auditory verbal hallucinations in persons with and without a need for care Kompus Connell et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Also the developmental trajectories of language networks in the brain implicated in the neural basis of AVH Altered integrity of perisylvian language pathways in schizophrenia Relationship to auditory hallucinations Craig Forkel et al  differ between adolescent boys and girls Hirnstein Westerhausen Korsnes amp Hugdahl Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Furthermore childhood trauma and childhood sexual abuse is more often experienced by females  Janssen et al Molnar et al  and is also one of the strongest risk factors for developing clinically impairing AVH and psychotic symptoms Daalman et al de A comprehensive review of auditory verbal hallucinations lifetime prevalence correlates and mechanisms in healthy and clinical individuals Barkus Janssen et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
In contrast to the transient AVH persistent AVH appear to increase the risk for depressed mood and general psychopathology in longitudinal studies Persistence and outcome of auditory hallucinations in adolescence A longitudinal general population study of  individuals Gunther Drukker et al  and AVH in later adolescence appears to have stronger association with psychiatric disorders compared to AVH in younger age groups Kelleher Keeley Corcoran et al bPrevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Also the developmental trajectories of language networks in the brain implicated in the neural basis of AVH Catani Craig Forkel et al  differ between adolescent boys and girls Sex differences in language asymmetry are age dependent and small A large scale consonant vowel dichotic listening study with behavioral and fMRI data Westerhausen Korsnes amp Hugdahl Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Findings from research on ultrahigh psychosis risk groups have suggested inclusion of additional predictors of psychosis eg negative symptoms cognitive and social functioning in addition to attenuated positive symptoms such as AVH The psychosis high risk state a comprehensive state of the art review Borgwardt Bechdolf et al Prevalence of auditory hallucinations in Norwegian adolescents Results from a populationbased study
Identity of spots was analysed by LCMSMS essentially as described previously Identification of potential serum biomarkers of inflammation and lipid modulation that are altered by fish oil supplementation in healthy volunteers with an Ultimate nanoLC system LC Packings UK using a C PepMap  nanocolumn  cm x  m id  m   LC PackingsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
This paper describes a proteomic technique to identify serum proteins susceptible to oxidative and glycation damage using a modified Ehrlichs reagent first used to investigate pyrrole crosslinks in bone collagen Structural Characterization of Pyrrolic Cross links in Collagen Using a Biotinylated Ehrlich s ReagentIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Both the Maillard reaction and lipid peroxidation follow similar reaction pathways producing carbonyl derivatives which then form advanced glycation end products AGE or advanced lipid peroxidation end products ALE by means of carbonylamine reactions and aldol condensations forming protein crosslinks Interplay between the maillard reaction and lipid peroxidation in biochemical systemsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Then focusing was carried out as detailed previously Response of apolipoprotein E  Leiden transgenic mice to dietary fatty acids combining liver proteomics with physiological dataIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Increased carboxyalkyl pyrrole immunoreactivity was detected in plasma from patients with renal failure and artherosclerosis compared with healthy volunteers Carboxyalkyl pyrroles in human plasma and oxidized low density lipoproteinsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
The initial stages of many glycation reactions are also mediated by pyrrole intermediates Chromatographic evidence for pyrraline formation during protein glycation in vitro and in vivo and these may progress further to AGE products that may constitute crosslinks within and between proteinsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
AGE and ALE increasingly accumulate during aging and in chronic diseases Protein carbonylation in human diseases suggesting that detecting pyrroles in proteins should be a good way to develop biomarkers for early stage diseaseIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Pyrroles in proteins can be measured spectophotometrically using Ehrlichs reagent pdimethylamino benzaldehyde A spectrophotometric method for the determination of proteins damaged by oxidized lipidsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
This method has been used to detect pyrroles in tail tendon collagen of streptozotocindiabetic rats  and in human plasma proteins following treatment with hydrogen peroxide Melatonin prevents the formation of pyrrolized proteins in human plasma induced by hydrogen peroxide but these assays lack sufficient sensitivity for wide applicationIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Recent studies by mass spectrometry have characterized a number of compounds including pyrroles resulting from the reaction of proteins with oxidised linoleic acid Mass Spectrometric Characterization of Protein Modification by the Products of Nonenzymatic Oxidation of Linoleic AcidIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
Solutions of  mgml HSA  mgml Apo A and a  dilution of human serum in  M NaCl  mM sodium phosphate pH  PBS were incubated in the presence of different concentrations of EepoxyEheptenal EH as described previously for bovine serum albumin Modification of bovine serum albumin structure following reaction with   E epoxy  E heptenalIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
The predominant protein labelled by the ERB in human serum treated with oxidising agents was human serum albumin reflecting both its abundance in serum and its relatively high lysine content of  per mole Non enzymic glycation of individual plasma proteins in normoglycemic and hyperglycemic patientsIdentification of damaged proteins in human serum using modified Ehrlichs reagent to target proteinbound pyrroles
An alternative view differentiates between processing routes on the basis of word form morphology The past and future of the past tense The past and future of the past tense Ullman Ullman Ullman et al Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
An alternative view differentiates between processing routes on the basis of word form morphology Pinker Pinker amp A neural dissociation within language Evidence that the mental dictionary is part of declarative memory and that grammatical rules are processed by the procedural system A neural dissociation within language Evidence that the mental dictionary is part of declarative memory and that grammatical rules are processed by the procedural system A neural dissociation within language Evidence that the mental dictionary is part of declarative memory and that grammatical rules are processed by the procedural system et al Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Impairments in verb morphology following brain injury A connectionist model and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
However the authors used a theoretical linguistic approach prosodic nonconcatenative morphology developed by Formal problems in Semitic phonology and morphology Unpublished doctoral dissertation  rather than models of processing to account for their dataMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
In her study of regular and irregular morphosyntax in English Are regular and irregular verbs dissociated in nonfluent aphasia  concluded that models which propose differences in processing regular and irregular morphosyntax fail to account for the whole spectrum of regular morphologyMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Transcription coding and analysis of the output was conducted in line with recommendations suggested by Measuring lexical retrieval in aphasic conversation Reliability of a quantitative approach Best Hickin Howard and Osborne pMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Only one study investigated regular and irregular forms in Arabic after aphasia  The mental representation of singular and plural nouns in Algerian Arabic as revealed through auditory priming in agrammatic aphasic patients et al Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
 Regular and irregular morphology and its relation with agrammatism Evidence from Spanish and Catalan  investigated the processing of regular and irregular verb forms in JM and MP bilingual speakers of Spanish and Catalan through a morphological transformation task in which the participants were asked to provide appropriate verb forms in ia with agrammatism following cerebrovascular accidentMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Deficits in irregular past tense verb morphology associated with degraded semantic knowledge et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism accountThe single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Parallel distributed processing Explorations in the microstructure of cognition and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
This discrepancy supports previous studies which point to the fact that linking agrammatism to effects of regularity in the dual mechanism account needs to be revised De Diego Balaguer et al Laiacona and Caramazza Grammatical processing of nouns and verbs in left frontal cortex and Caramazza Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Most roots in Arabic are made up of three consonants which are referred to as triliteral roots or consonantal roots The semantics of number in the Arabic noun phrase Prunet Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Most roots in Arabic are made up of three consonants which are referred to as triliteral roots or consonantal roots Zabbal External Evidence and the Semitic Root Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al The relationship evidence from errors in verb inflection et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Miozzo Newman Ullman Pancheva Waligura and Neville Differentiating the neural language system Contrasting the regular and irregular past tense Stamatakis and MarslenWilson Ullman et al  which reported a double dissociation in the processing of English regular and irregular past tense in participants with aphasiaMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Previous literature  The Arabic noun system generation et al Zabbal Prunet  has stated that broken plurals are formed in a three stage processMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Knowledge and learning in natural language Unpublished doctoral dissertation Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Regular morphology and the lexicon Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Studies have examined the production of these two verb aspects in braindamaged participants  Word forms rules and stems in the Italian mental lexicon and Clahsen Walenski Katiuscia Cappa and Ullman Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Marchman Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland A single route full decomposition model of morphological complexity MEG evidence amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
The single mechanism account maintains that one mechanism governs production of both regular and irregular forms  Bird et al Braber et al Bybee Joanisse and Seidenberg Juola and Plunkett Lambon Ralph et al Constraints on plasticity in a connectionist model of the English past tense Patterson et al Rumelhart and McClelland Stockall amp Marantz Yang Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
These subtests were taken from two sources translated subtests of the Comprehensive Aphasia Test CAT The Comprehensive Aphasia Test Porter amp Howard  and subtests that have been developed in speech and language clinics in JordanMorphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
Various studies have investigated different aspects of the dual and single mechanism frameworks English Braber Patterson Ellis and Lambon Lambon Ralph Braber McClelland and Patterson Miozzo Patterson et al  German Penke Janssen and Krause  Hebrew Default nominal inflection in Hebrew Evidence for mental variables Pinker and Shimron Italian Walenski Katiuscia Cappa and Ullman Spanish and Catalan RodriguezFornells Munte and Clahsen Morphosyntactic processing of Arabic plurals after aphasia dissecting lexical meaning from morphosyntax within word boundaries
At ambient conditions the rhombohedral cell has the lattice parameters a R   and  R     or in the hexagonal setting a H   and c H   Polyhedral control of the rhombohedral to cubic phase transition in LaAlO  perovskiteStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
The pressureinduced rhombohedral to cubic transition of LAO was revealed by a powder Raman spectroscopy and synchrotron diffraction study Pressure induced phase transition in LaAlO Structural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Moreover the abinitio calculations in Structural and elastic properties of LaAlO  from first principles calculations have predicted a volume drop at the pressureinduced transition of V    at  GPa which was not seen in the powder diffraction study and requires experimental confirmationStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
This example has motivated theoretical work to explain this behaviour and formulate new rules and models to predict qualitatively and quantitavely the evolution of distortions tilt angles under pressure General rules for predicting phase transitions in perovskites due to octahedral tiltingStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
The pressure scale used was the equation given by Jacobsen Compression of single crystal magnesium oxide to  GPa and a ruby pressure gauge for helium pressure mediaStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
This example has motivated theoretical work to explain this behaviour and formulate new rules and models to predict qualitatively and quantitavely the evolution of distortions tilt angles under pressure New view of the high pressure behaviour of GdFeO  type perovskitesStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
This example has motivated theoretical work to explain this behaviour and formulate new rules and models to predict qualitatively and quantitavely the evolution of distortions tilt angles under pressure General rule for displacive phase transitions in perovskite compounds revisited by first principles calculationsStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Following Glazers notations Perovskites Modern and ancient the tilt system in LAO is noted a  a  a  and gives rise to superstructure reflections that can be indexed in the doubled cubic cell with the general form hkl C where h k and l are odd integers and one index at least is different from the othersStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Following Simple ways of determining perovskite structuress notations Simple ways of determining perovskite structures the tilt system in LAO is noted a  a  a  and gives rise to superstructure reflections that can be indexed in the doubled cubic cell with the general form hkl C where h k and l are odd integers and one index at least is different from the othersStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Following The classification of tilted octahedra in perovskitess notations The classification of tilted octahedra in perovskites the tilt system in LAO is noted a  a  a  and gives rise to superstructure reflections that can be indexed in the doubled cubic cell with the general form hkl C where h k and l are odd integers and one index at least is different from the othersStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
The refinement of the lattice constants from the peak positions  to  reflections for each run was performed with the program UnitCell Unit cell refinement from powder diffraction data the use of regression diagnosticsStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
The diffraction patterns from single crystal measurements were indexed with a homemade program based on the FitD software Twodimensional detector software From real detector to idealised image or two theta scanStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
The evolution of the tilt angles in LAO itself was investigated by single crystal diffraction under hydrostatic stress up to  GPa  and nonhydrostatic stress The structural variation of rhombohedral LaAlO  perovskite under non hydrostatic stress fields in a diamond anvil cellStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
This example has motivated theoretical work to explain this behaviour and formulate new rules and models to predict qualitatively and quantitavely the evolution of distortions tilt angles under pressure Estimation of polyhedral compressibilities and structural evolution of GdFeO  type perovskites at high pressuresStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
One of the attracting properties of the external parameter highpressure is its character of a cleaner variable since it acts only on interatomic distances Pressure as a probe of the physics of ABO  relaxor ferroelectricsStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
It was at that time the first exception to the sofar general rule stating that tilt angles in antiferrodistorsive perovskites should increase under pressure Important generalization concerning the role of competing forces in displacive phase transitionsStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
On the theoretical side the parameters of a Landau potential were fitted to available experimental data Elastic relaxations associated with the P m m R c transition in LaAlO  II mechanisms of static and dynamical softeningStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Following early structural studies Crystallographic studies of perovskite like compounds II Rare earth aluminates the temperatureinduced phase transition at  K has been studied in great details egStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
Explorations of pressuretemperature or pressuresubstitution phase diagrams remain even rarer Phase transitions and ferroelectrics revival and the future in the fieldLanthanum aluminate LaAlO  LAO is a prototype compound for softmode driven antiferrodistorsive phase transitionsStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
This is of the order of magnitude of the value predicted by the Landau model proposed in Elastic relaxations associated with the P m m R c transition in LaAlO  I single crystal elastic moduli at room temperatureStructural investigation of LaAlO  up to  GPa
An open label trial of rapamycin for angiomyolipomas and lymphangiomyomatosis reported certain improvement in neurocognitive function particularly in recall memory in patients with TSC  Sirolimus therapy for angiomyolipoma in tuberous sclerosis and sporadic lymphangioleiomyomatosis a phase  trial et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Typical TSC lesions include hypomelanic macules and facial angiofibromas as well as brain cortical tubers subependymal nodules and subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs  Holmes et al Curatolo et al Targeted treatment trials for tuberous sclerosis and autism no longer a dream Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Autism is a heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder with onset in early childhood characterized by impairments in communication reciprocal social interaction and restricted and stereotyped patterns of interests and activities  Autism in tuberous sclerosis et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Others have also provided evidence that autisticlike behavior can be prevented with mTOR treatment in mouse models of TSC  Autistic like behaviour and cerebellar dysfunction in Purkinje cell Tsc mutant mice et al Talos et al Reith et alEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
In addition to manifestations in the skin and nervous system TSC is associated with hallmark tumors in the kidney lung heart and liver such as angiomyolipomas lymphangioleiomyomatosis and rhabdomyomas  Crino et al Curatolo et al Orlova and Crino From genes to cognition in tuberous sclerosis Implications for mTOR inhibitor based treatment approaches Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Others have also provided evidence that autisticlike behavior can be prevented with mTOR treatment in mouse models of TSC  Tsai et al Talos et al Loss of Tsc in Purkinje cells is associated with autistic like behavior in a mouse model of tuberous sclerosis complex et alEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
These cognitive abnormalities emerged in the absence of neuropathology and seizures Reversal of learning deficits in a Tsc mouse model of tuberous sclerosis et alEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Typical TSC lesions include hypomelanic macules and facial angiofibromas as well as brain cortical tubers subependymal nodules and subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs  Holmes et al Tuberous sclerosis et al Sahin Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
It is estimated that approximately  to  of all TSC patients have seizures at some point during their life  Holmes et al Tuberous sclerosis complex a brave new world  Sahin Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
The possibility that mTOR inhibitors may have benefit in the treatment of TSCbrain disease was also highlighted by Response of a neuronal model of tuberous sclerosis to mammalian target of rapamycin mTOR inhibitors effects on mTORC and Akt signaling lead to improved survival and function et al  study of a neuronal model of TSCEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Although the majority of TSC individuals with autism have a history of infantile spasms there are also subjects who develop autism but with no history of seizures Identification of risk factors for autism spectrum disorders in tuberous sclerosis complex et al  suggesting that additional factors also play a role in this associationEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
In addition to manifestations in the skin and nervous system TSC is associated with hallmark tumors in the kidney lung heart and liver such as angiomyolipomas lymphangioleiomyomatosis and rhabdomyomas  Crino et al Curatolo et al The tuberous sclerosis complex and Crino Ehninger Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Clinical trials in TSC populations using everolimus as mTOR inhibitor have shown promising results regarding epilepsy skin manifestations subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs and renal and lung manifestations Sirolimus for angiomyolipoma in tuberous sclerosis complex or lymphangioleiomyomatosis et al  and also improved subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs specific brain tumors associated with TSC Krueger et al  Jzwiak et al  Curran et al  Franz et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Neuropsychiatric symptoms are very common in TSC including epilepsy and a broad range of cognitive and behavioral problems  Behavior problems in children with tuberous sclerosis complex and parental stress et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Others have also provided evidence that autisticlike behavior can be prevented with mTOR treatment in mouse models of TSC  Tsai et al The interaction between early life epilepsy and autistic like behavioral consequences a role for the mammalian target of rapamycin mTOR pathway et al Reith et alEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
The discovery that the products of the TSC genes regulate mTOR signaling  Tuberous sclerosis complex  and  gene products function together to inhibit mammalian target of rapamycin mTOR mediated downstream signaling et al  has paved the way to current experimental mTORC inhibitorbased treatment approachesEverolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Larger openlabel studies of everolimus for SEGAs in TSC showed that the treatment was associated with a marked and sustained tumor reduction  Everolimus for subependymal giant cell astrocytomas in tuberous sclerosis et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
West syndrome infantile spasms is the commonest epileptic disorder which is associated with more intellectual disability and a less favorable neurological outcome Learning disability and epilepsy in an epidemiological sample of individuals with tuberous sclerosis complex et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
In fact everolimus has already been approved to treat this kind of TSC lesions Emerging treatments in the management of tuberous sclerosis complex Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
The doubleblind placebocontrolled phase  trial everolimus for angiomyolipoma in TSC where this patient took part found an angiomyolipoma response rate of  for everolimus treatment which contrasted with a  response for placebo Everolimus for angiomyolipoma associated with tuberous sclerosis complex or sporadic lymphangioleiomyomatosis EXIST  a multicentre randomised double blind placebo controlled trial et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Clinical trials in TSC populations using everolimus as mTOR inhibitor have shown promising results regarding epilepsy skin manifestations subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs and renal and lung manifestations Bissler et al  and also improved subependymal giant cell astrocytomas SEGAs specific brain tumors associated with TSC Krueger et al  Jzwiak et al  Curran et al  Efficacy and safety of everolimus for subependymal giant cell astrocytomas associated with tuberous sclerosis complex EXIST  a multicentre randomised et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Autism may be present in up to  of these patients and TSC accounts for  to  of all cases of autism Epidemiological surveys of autism and other pervasive developmental disorders an update Curatolo et al Ehninger Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
It has been demonstrated that hamartin and tuberin bind together to form a biochemical complex that inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin mTOR that controls translation proliferation and cell growth  Autism spectrum disorders in tuberous sclerosis pathogenetic pathways and implications for treatment et al Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
In addition to manifestations in the skin and nervous system TSC is associated with hallmark tumors in the kidney lung heart and liver such as angiomyolipomas lymphangioleiomyomatosis and rhabdomyomas  The tuberous sclerosis complex et al Curatolo et al Orlova and The tuberous sclerosis complex Ehninger Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Our findings warrant further investigation in future clinical trials  Reversing autism by targeting downstream mTOR signaling and Doering Everolimus improves behavioral deficits in a patient with autism associated with tuberous sclerosis a case report
Eyetracking software can also log the searchers eye movements over the screen An eye tracking approach to the analysis of relevance judgments on the Web The case of Google search engineUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
INTRODUCTION Numerous studies have been performed on searchers interaction with IR systems in nonweb systems  but in particular with the advent of the Web Analysis of a very large web search engine query logUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
In order to understand what aspects of effort as it is understood in our definition of search transitions can optimally be identified from server logs we have performed an analysis of a selection of server logs collected by the INEX  interactive track Overview of the INEX  Interactive Track which also contains interaction with the documentsUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
INTRODUCTION Numerous studies have been performed on searchers interaction with IR systems in nonweb systems Search Procedures in the Library Analysed from the Cognitive Point of View but in particular with the advent of the Web Using search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
A number of authors invoke cognitive effort as distinct from observable logged actions in their characterization of search Web search strategies The influence of Web experience and task typeUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Searchers were asked to perform two search sessions to solve one factfinding task and one research task each task was formulated as a simulated work task Evaluation of interactive information retrieval systemsUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Method The search system applied in the study is a javabased retrieval system built within the Daffodil framework Daffodil An Integrated Desktop for Supporting High Level Search Activities in Federated Digital Libraries which resides on a server at and is maintained by the University of DuisburgUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Variants of Markov modeling have often been suggested for such modeling in Models of the Behavior of People Searching the Internet A Petri Net Approach weaknesses of this approach is discussed and an alternative modeling approach with Petri nets are suggestedUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Such stages may be identified for instance in information seeking mediation as in Shifts between search stages during task performance in mediated information seeking interaction where stages are identified as sets of cognitive and operational elements and transitions between stages are identified through vocabulary changes in dialogueUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Stages or patterns of stages appear in more and more finegrained form in models of information seeking behavior from A behavioural approach to information retrieval system design and others early models A behavioural approach to information retrieval system design and are becoming more and more finegrained as in Xie  where the interest is in shifting patterns between search stagesUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
Stages or patterns of stages appear in more and more finegrained form in models of information seeking behavior from Ellis and others early models Cases scripts and information seeking strategies On the design of interactive information retrieval systems and are becoming more and more finegrained as in Xie  where the interest is in shifting patterns between search stagesUsing search transitions to study searchers investment of effort experiences with client and server side logging
The influence of photobiont selection on the ecological amplitude of lichens is still largely underexplored Peksa and Skaloud  and shedding more light on this phenomenon would help towards understanding structure composition and development of BCSs Bowker The influence of competition between lichen colonization and erosion on the evolution of soil surfaces in the Tabernas badlands SE Spain and its landscape effects et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
arboricola Population structure of mycobionts and photobionts of the widespread lichen Cetraria aculeata and Grtner  were included in the analysis but not found in the soilcrust samplesHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
BSCforming lichens are present in different growth forms crustose foliose and fruticose with individual characteristics according to the climate zones  Microbial mats modern and ancient microorganisms in stratified systems et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
This has been reported for crustose lichens  High photobiont diversity associated with the euryoecious lichenforming ascomycete Lecanora rupicola Lecanoraceae Ascomycota  et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The Akaike information criterion selected the GTR model  The general stochastic model of nucleotide substitution et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The species composition of BSCs mainly depends on wateravailability climate zone and soiltype Biological soil crusts structure function and management and Belnap High photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
At first BSCs were only described for drylands arid and semiarid areas which occupy   of Earths land area  Millennium ecosystem assessment Ecosystems and human well being desertification synthesis et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The ability of mycobionts to switch photobionts Nelsen and Gargas Multiple origins of high reciprocal symbiotic specificity at an intercontinental spatial scale among gelatinous lichens Collemataceae Lecanoromycetes  et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
Maximum parsimony analyses MP were performed using the program PAUP Phylogenetic analysis using parsimony and other methods  High photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The primers psbF and psbR Identity and genetic structure of the photobiont of the epiphytic lichen Ramalina menziesii on three oak species in Southern California and Sork  were used to amplify and sequence the cpmarker psbLJ for Trebouxia sp from Antarctic samples that were already known to have Trebouxia photobionts  Ruprecht et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
decipiens across all sampled habitats supports the opinion that flexibility in photobiont choice may influence the ecological amplitude of lichens Do photobionts influence the ecology of lichens A case study of environmental preferences in symbiotic green alga Asterochloris Trebouxiophyceae  and Skaloud High photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
Peltigera rufescens known to have a cyanobacterium as its primary photobiont Assessing host specialization in symbiotic cyanobacteria associated with four closely related species of the lichen fungus Peltigera et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The ability of mycobionts to switch photobionts Symbiont flexibility in Thamnolia vermicularis Pertusariales Icmadophilaceae  and Gargas Otalora et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
Due to their poikilohydric lifestyle lichens are very well adapted to extreme habitats with rapid temperature and moisture fluctuations such as high alpine areas and arid areas with high insolation in southern Europe and other parts of the world  Photosynthesis of green algal soil crust lichens from arid lands in southern Utah USA role of water content on light and temperature responses of CO  exchange et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
and mosses extreme abiotic conditions such as long periods of drought or cold higher plants are excluded and lichens fill this important niche  Lichen dominated soil crusts as arthropod habitat in warm deserts et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
In the absence of larger higher plants lichens small plants and mosses can stabilize the soil surface against erosion and provide shelter to a broad range of insects and other arthropods Effect of cryptobiotic crust type on microarthropod assemblages in pinonjuniper woodland in central New Mexico West North and Shepherd High photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
The influence of photobiont selection on the ecological amplitude of lichens is still largely underexplored Peksa and Skaloud  and shedding more light on this phenomenon would help towards understanding structure composition and development of BCSs Biological soil crust rehabilitation in theory and practice an underexploited opportunity Lazaro et alHigh photobiont diversity in the common European soil crust lichen Psora decipiens
Private equity takeovers of mature firms can themselves be divided into several subcategories although once more these are often conflated in the literature  Private Equity A Review and Synthesis and Wright THE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
This is especially important since the consequences for employees are expected to depend on the type of private equity takeover in questionPrivate equity is a term frequently used to refer to two substantially different types of corporate investment Private equity and human resource management An emerging agenda and Wright THE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Detecting abnormal operating performance The empirical power and specification of test statistics and Lyon  argue that the usual test statistics may not be well specified if samples exhibiting exceptionally good or bad preevent operating profitability are compared with control samples not matched by preevent profitabilityTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
This paper builds on an earlier pilot study conducted by the authors Private equity takeovers and employment in the UK Some empirical evidence et al THE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Based on US evidence Private equity and employment et alTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Running parallel to concerns in the policy community an emerging strand of academic enquiry has begun to examine the employment consequences of private equity takeovers largely motivated by the seminal work of Breach of trust in hostile takeovers who suggested that acquisitions may provide an opportunity for managers to challenge any implicit contracts between employees and the firm thereby expropriating the formerTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Finally institutional buy outs IBOs involve private equity and other institutional investors here managers do not hold any shares at all unless this is part of their reward package  Why do public firms go private in the UK The impact of private equity investors incentive realignment and undervaluation et al Both Davis et alTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
use the same setup as in An investigation of the determinants of manufacturing employment in the United Kingdom THE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Theoretically The economic case for private equity and some concerns Negotiation Organizations and Markets Research Paper  argues that IBOs provide a solution to perceived agency problems and therefore serve to reestablish the link between the business and its owners specifically the desire on the part of owners to maximise returns promoting downsizing as an antidote to previous managerial empire buildingTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Indeed both politicians and trade union representatives have raised serious concerns regarding the potential consequences of private equity acquisitions for the welfare of employees in acquired firms calling for stronger regulation and greater transparency in respect of the activities of private equity acquirers  TUC challenges private equity to talks Treasury Select Committee THE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
We follow The impact of mergers and acquisitions on company employment in the United Kingdom et als  and approachTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Initial conditions and moment restrictions in dynamic panel data models and Bonds  generalised method of moments as a system of firstdifferenced equations with the lags of the dependent variable and the independent variables as instrumental variables and the equations in levels with the first differences of the variables as instruments  addresses the omitted variable biasTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
This consists of firms that have quadratic cost functions CobbDouglas technologies as well as output constraints and that are price takers in the markets for production factors see also Dynamic labor demand models et alTHE EMPLOYMENT CONSEQUENCES OF PRIVATE EQUITY ACQUISITIONS THE CASE OF INSTITUTIONAL BUY OUTS
Using a stability analysis Analysis of Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics with Applications Brve et alHydrodynamic capabilities of an SPH code incorporating an artificial conductivity term with a gravitybased signal velocity
To evaluate the relative effectiveness of the heat and momentum transport in the theory of heat transfer the Prandtl number Pr is defined as the ratio of the kinematic viscosity  to the thermal diffusion coefficient D Pr  D Concepts in Thermal Physics Hydrodynamic capabilities of an SPH code incorporating an artificial conductivity term with a gravitybased signal velocity
In the case of incompressible fluids for a sinusoidal perturbation of wavelength  this phase is reached on a timescale Hydrodynamic and hydromagnetic stability   KH               v where   and   are the fluid densities and v  v   v  is the relative shear velocityHydrodynamic capabilities of an SPH code incorporating an artificial conductivity term with a gravitybased signal velocity
This has motivated the development of adaptative mesh refinement AMR methods in which the spatial resolution of the grid is locally refined according to some selection criterion Berger amp Colella Kravtsov Klypin amp Khokhlov The Impact of AMR in Numerical Astrophysics and Cosmology Hydrodynamic capabilities of an SPH code incorporating an artificial conductivity term with a gravitybased signal velocity
As a consequence a number of extensive photographic searches for luminous LMC stars with H emission were conducted as technological advances allowed first by Henize  LHS stars and subsequently at Armagh  Lindsay  Andrews amp Lindsay  L and AL stars and by Bohannan amp Epps  BE stars alongside more general surveys such as Contributions from the Cerro Tololo InterAmerican Observatorys Contributions from the Cerro Tololo InterAmerican Observatory Emissionline stars in the LMC the Armagh survey and a metacatalogue Research Note
VizieR Online Data Catalog  has compiled a related metacatalogue of LMC stars of all typesEmissionline stars in the LMC the Armagh survey and a metacatalogue Research Note
The situation has gradually improved in recent years particularly as  VizieR Online Data Catalog Lowell Observatory has obtained modern identifications and hence precise astrometry for the major photographic objectiveprism surveys of LMC targets as one aspect of his extensive and continuing online Catalogue of Stellar Spectral Classifications commonly cited as Bmk VizieR Online Data Catalog Emissionline stars in the LMC the Armagh survey and a metacatalogue Research Note
Numerous geomorphic studies along coasts of the European North Atlantic implicate increased storminess in the Holocene with the reactivation of coastal dune system eg Clarke and Rendell Magnitude and frequency of extra tropical North Atlantic cyclones a chronology from cliff top storm deposits and Hall Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
However uncertainty remains if periods of increased storminess andor hurricane landfalls for the exposed Cape Cod spit during the Holocene  Mann et al Reconstructing  years of North Atlantic hurricane variability using deepsea sediment cores from the western Great Bahama Bank et al  were of sufficient magnitude to disturb this forest ecosystem and reactivated dunesEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Despite these wet conditions parabolic dunes on the outermost coast of Cape Cod are currently active and have average migration rates between  and  myear for the th and st century The twentieth century migration of parabolic dunes and wetland formation at Cape Cod National Sea Shore et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
 ka and is associated with a broad scale drying eg Newby et al Shuman et al Shuman and Donnelly Oswald et al Moisture and temperature changes associated with the mid Holocene Tsuga decline in the northeastern United States et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Other factors such as storminess hurricaneforce winds  Bosse et al Eberhardt et al  and forest fires  Motzkin et al Long term history of vegetation and fire in pitch pine oak forests on Cape Cod et al  may have contributed to historic disturbance of this dune landscapeEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
However uncertainty remains if periods of increased storminess andor hurricane landfalls for the exposed Cape Cod spit during the Holocene  Atlantic hurricanes and climate over the past   years et al Toomey et al  were of sufficient magnitude to disturb this forest ecosystem and reactivated dunesEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The development of single aliquot regeneration SAR protocols provides improved accuracy and precision for dating the burial time of eolian quartz grains eg The single aliquot regenerative dose protocol potential for improvements in reliability and needed resolution for dating young sediments lt years old Madsen and The single aliquot regenerative dose protocol potential for improvements in reliability Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The current migration of dunes on Cape Cod is inferred to reflect a legacy of landscape disturbance specifically forest clearcutting grazing and agricultural practices associated with European settlement starting in the early th century and continuing into the th century  McCaffrey and Leatherman Stilgoe Rubertone Vegetation variation across Cape Cod Massachusetts environmental and historical determinants et al Eberhardt et al Forman et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
 ka and is associated with a broad scale drying eg Newby et al The influence of seasonal precipitation and temperature regimes on lake levels in the northeastern United States during the Holocene et al The influence of seasonal precipitation and temperature regimes on lake levels in the northeastern United States during the Holocene and Donnelly Oswald et al Marsicek et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The development of single aliquot regeneration SAR protocols provides improved accuracy and precision for dating the burial time of eolian quartz grains eg A review of quartz optically stimulated luminescence characteristics and their relevance in singlealiquot regeneration dating protocols  and needed resolution for dating young sediments lt years old Madsen and Murray Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
 ka and is associated with a broad scale drying eg Newby et al Shuman et al Shuman and Donnelly Post glacial changes in spatial patterns of vegetation across southern New England et al Marsicek et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Other factors such as storminess hurricaneforce winds  Landscape and regional impacts of hurricanes in New England et al Eberhardt et al  and forest fires  Motzkin et al Parshall et al  may have contributed to historic disturbance of this dune landscapeEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Also ecologic succession to a climax forest postdisturbance can take centuries Colonization constraints during primary succession on coastal Lake Michigan sand dunes  though trees lt years old are less susceptible to wind uprooting Foster Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
A significant cosmic ray component between  and  mGyyear was included in the estimated dose rate taking in to account the current depth of burial Cosmic ray contributions to dose rates for luminescence and ESR dating large depths and long term variations and Hutton Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
FormanDune movement past  Cape Cod and finite mixture models is an appropriate statistical treatment for such data  Estimating the component ages in a finite mixture and Green  and these models are used to calculate optical ages Figure  Table Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The current migration of dunes on Cape Cod is inferred to reflect a legacy of landscape disturbance specifically forest clearcutting grazing and agricultural practices associated with European settlement starting in the early th century and continuing into the th century  McCaffrey and Leatherman Stilgoe Changes in the coastal wilderness historical land use patterns on outer Cape Cod th th centuries Motzkin et al Eberhardt et al Forman et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Specifically nearly  of pine stands older than  years were damaged by a hurricane in  that impacted central New England whereas hardwood stands were less effected Species and stand response to catastrophic wind in central New England USA Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Dry conditions in the Northeastern US may be associated with increased forest fire  Parshall et al Increased probability of fire during late Holocene droughts in northern New England and Booth  and such an ecological disturbance may lead to local landscape degradationEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
related to soil processes and landscape disturbance eg Sala et al Mangan et al Hugenholtz and Wolfe Model for the genesis of coastal dune fields with vegetation et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Proxy records of hurricane occurrence from coastal overwash timeseries eg Donnelly et al Sedimentary evidence of hurricane strikes in western Long Island and Donnelly  and from marine sediment cores extracted strategically along the Bahama Bank Williams  to reflect wave climate indicate heightened hurricane activity in the North Atlantic Ocean between  and   and  and  and  years BP  Mann et al Toomey et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
 ka and is associated with a broad scale drying eg   years of sediment vegetation and water level changes at the Makepeace Cedar Swamp southeastern Massachusetts et al Shuman et al Shuman and Donnelly Oswald et al Marsicek et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Dune reactivation is associated with largescale disturbance of the forest which is dominated by pitch pine Pinus rigida and a variety of oak species eg Quercus alba and Quercus coccinea but white pine Pinus strobes red maple Acer rubrum hickory Carya spp and American beech Fagus grandifolia are locally common  Motzkin et al The forests of presettlement New England USA spatial and compositional patterns based on town proprietor surveys et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Proxy records of hurricane occurrence from coastal overwash timeseries eg  yr sedimentary record of intense hurricane landfalls in southern New England et al Scileppi and  yr sedimentary record of intense hurricane landfalls in southern New England  and from marine sediment cores extracted strategically along the Bahama Bank Williams  to reflect wave climate indicate heightened hurricane activity in the North Atlantic Ocean between  and   and  and  and  years BP  Mann et al Toomey et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
This common coastal grass thrives where sand accretion rates are  cmyear  Adaptations of plants to burial in coastal sand dunes  and on Cape Cod promotes vertical accretion and horizontal extension of parabolic dunes Forman et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Dune reactivation is associated with largescale disturbance of the forest which is dominated by pitch pine Pinus rigida and a variety of oak species eg Quercus alba and Quercus coccinea but white pine Pinus strobes red maple Acer rubrum hickory Carya spp and American beech Fagus grandifolia are locally common  Vegetation patterns in heterogeneous landscapes the importance of history and environment et al Cogbill et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The quartz fraction was isolated by density separations at  and  gcc using the heavy liquid Napolytungstate and a min immersion in HF  was applied to etch the outer  m of grains which is affected by alpha radiation Procedures used for luminescence dating of sediments and Christiansen Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The current migration of dunes on Cape Cod is inferred to reflect a legacy of landscape disturbance specifically forest clearcutting grazing and agricultural practices associated with European settlement starting in the early th century and continuing into the th century  Historical land use practices and dune instability in the Province LandsStilgoe Rubertone Motzkin et al Eberhardt et al Forman et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The sands analyzed have a SiO  content of gt of the noncarbonate fraction and are predominantly a moderately to well sorted medium to coarse sand with gt quartz grains reflecting the mineralogy of underlying Pleistocene outwash a likely source for the eolian sand  Mineralogy and provenance of Pleistocene outwash plain and modern beach sands of outer Cape Cod and Hubert Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The presence of snow ramparts and interstitial layers mostly composed of snow can enhance eolian accretion and dune movement Koster and Dijkmans Dijkmans and Mucher Sedimentary structures of cold climate coastal dunes and Allard Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The current migration of dunes on Cape Cod is inferred to reflect a legacy of landscape disturbance specifically forest clearcutting grazing and agricultural practices associated with European settlement starting in the early th century and continuing into the th century  McCaffrey and Leatherman A New England coastal wilderness Rubertone Motzkin et al Eberhardt et al Forman et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Often the presence of snow and interstitial ice binds eolian particles to surfaces necessitating higher threshold shear velocities for transport  Barchyn and Hugenholtz Ollerhead et al  though the sublimation rate may be an important factor in grain release Sublimation and aeolian sand movement from a frozen surface Experimental results from Presquille Beach and Law Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Proxy records of hurricane occurrence from coastal overwash timeseries eg Donnelly et al Scileppi and Donnelly  and from marine sediment cores extracted strategically along the Bahama Bank  year sedimentary archive of hurricane strikes in a prograding beach ridge plain southwestern Louisiana  to reflect wave climate indicate heightened hurricane activity in the North Atlantic Ocean between  and   and  and  and  years BP  Mann et al Toomey et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
This Ab is in places welded Soil Welding and Olson  to the subjacent paleosol in unit Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
related to soil processes and landscape disturbance eg Sala et al Response of Nebraska Sand Hills natural vegetation to drought fire grazing and plant functional type shifts as simulated by the century model et al Hugenholtz and Wolfe Luna et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Often the presence of snow and interstitial ice binds eolian particles to surfaces necessitating higher threshold shear velocities for transport  Winter variability of aeolian sediment transport threshold on a cold climate dune and Hugenholtz Ollerhead et al  though the sublimation rate may be an important factor in grain release Vandijk and Law Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The development of single aliquot regeneration SAR protocols provides improved accuracy and precision for dating the burial time of eolian quartz grains eg Murray and Wintle Wintle and Murray  and needed resolution for dating young sediments lt years old Optically stimulated luminescence dating of young sediments a review and Murray Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
We used well vetted soil stratigraphic and geomorphic approaches eg Soils and Geomorphology Tripaldi and Forman Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Numerous geomorphic studies along coasts of the European North Atlantic implicate increased storminess in the Holocene with the reactivation of coastal dune system eg The impact of North Atlantic storminess on western European coasts a review and Rendell Hansom and Hall Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Thus dune migration on Cape Cod may reflect a pronounced period of storm or hurricanerelated disturbance of the pinedominated forestAnother factor that may influence eolian activity is periodic drought as documented by treering time series that span the past  years eg Pan continental droughts in North America over the last millennium et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
AD  with planting of crops and rampant tree felling which resulted in exposed soils for wind erosion Changes in the Land Holmes et al  pEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The presence of snow ramparts and interstitial layers mostly composed of snow can enhance eolian accretion and dune movement Koster and Dijkmans Niveo aeolian sedimentation of loess and sand an experiment and mircomorphological approach and Mucher Ruz and Allard Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The beta and gamma doses were adjusted according to grain diameter to compensate for mass attenuation Luminescence and ESR dating beta dose attenuation for various grain shapes calculated by a Monte Carlo method et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
The accuracy of these age models are directly tested at three stratigraphic levels Butte and Central Valley  sites where there are calendar corrected  C ages Radiocarbon calibration curve spanning  to   years BP based on paired Th  U  U  and C  dates on pristine corals et al  on buried wood  Table  and these ages are concordant at one sigma errors with closely associated OSL ages Figures  Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Activation of this dune system reflects fundamental sedimentologic controls on sand availability and supply and the persistence of wind speeds that surpass a threshold gt ms for particle entrainment Dune forms and wind regime and Dean Pye and Tsoar  ppEpisodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
A Massachusetts Senate Document from AD  indicates the scale of blowing sand around Provincetown was such that the harbor at Cape Cod was infilling jeopardizing docking of ships Environmental geologic guide to Cape Cod National Seashore Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
related to soil processes and landscape disturbance eg Sala et al Mangan et al Biogeomorphic model of dunefield activation and stabilization on the northern Great Plains and Wolfe Luna et al Episodic eolian sand deposition in the past  years in Cape Cod National Seashore Massachusetts USA in response to possible hurricanestorm and anthropogenic disturbances
Human remains occur over a long timescale at many prehistoric cave sites particularly from the Neolithic onwards Chamberlain Dowd Odd One Out Earlier Neolithic Deposition of Human Remains in Caves and Rock Shelters in the Yorkshire Dales Schulting Social Memory and Ritual Performance
What are the effects of remembering collectively and how might we understand that process using archaeological evidence These questions arose from fieldwork in small caves and rockshelters at Goldsland Wood Wenvoe in the Vale of Glamorgan The Goldsland Caves Research Project Excavations in  and Peterson Peterson and The Goldsland Caves Research Project Excavations in  in prepSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
An important influence here has been How Societies Remembers  book How Societies RememberSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
MEMORY AND EMBODIED EXPERIENCE These are questions which have received detailed consideration within archaeology over the last twenty years for example Bori Bradley Jones Place and Time Building and Remembrance et al aSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
The study of emotion in archaeology has been discussed in an influential paper by Emotion in Archaeology Social Memory and Ritual Performance
Human remains occur over a long timescale at many prehistoric cave sites particularly from the Neolithic onwards Chamberlain Dowd Leach Non Monumental Burial in Britain a Largely Cavernous View Social Memory and Ritual Performance
The details of this ritual performance are brought out by The Role of the S mi in Fur Trading During the Late Iron Age and Nordic Medieval Period in the Light of the S mi Sacrificial Sites in Lapland  in a study of Smi communities around the Lule River in northern Sweden between  and  ADSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
Another has been to draw upon the physical traces that manufacture use and deposition have left upon an artefact or class of artefacts for example Reinvigorating Object Biography Reproducing the Drama of Object Lives Social Memory and Ritual Performance
One has been to study the role of the artefact as the active subject participating in a range of exchange transactions this is particularly rewarding when historical or ethnographic accounts can be called upon for example The Cultural Biography of Objects and Marshall Social Memory and Ritual Performance
For instance Rates of Ex change Decay and Growth Memory and the Transformation of the Dead in Early Neolithic Southern Britain  has drawn on the work of Battaglia and Kchler to interpret the exposure of human and animal boneSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
Human remains occur over a long timescale at many prehistoric cave sites particularly from the Neolithic onwards Chamberlain The Use of Caves for Funerary and Ritual Practices in Neolithic Ireland Leach Schulting Social Memory and Ritual Performance
Osteoarchaeological analysis of the skeletal material gives some indications of the rituals around death What Types of Mortuary Practice are Represented in the Human Bone Assemblage of Goldsland Cave A  and  Figure Social Memory and Ritual Performance
Jones follows Being There Putting Brain Body and World Together Again  in viewing memory as a process of pattern recreation which involves the mind the body and the worldSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
Human remains occur over a long timescale at many prehistoric cave sites particularly from the Neolithic onwards More Dating Evidence for Human Remains in British caves Dowd Leach Schulting Social Memory and Ritual Performance
In a recent paper Non Discursive Knowledge and the Construction of Identity Potters Potting and Performance at the Bronze Age Tell of Sz zhalombatta  have used bodily practice to integrate what have traditionally been seen as opposed categories of discursive and nondiscursive knowledgeSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
MEMORY AND EMBODIED EXPERIENCE These are questions which have received detailed consideration within archaeology over the last twenty years for example Bori The Past in Prehistoric Societies Jones Whittle et al aSocial Memory and Ritual Performance
Theoretical studies have found that some of these phases were essentially similar to that encountered in the bulk  whereas others are without counterpart in the bulk phase Composite fermion theory for bosonic quantum Hall states on latticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Creation of effective magnetic fields in optical lattices the Hofstadter butterfly for cold neutral atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We conclude by indicating how the method can be generalized to generate nonAbelian gauge fields Cold atoms in non Abelian gauge potentials From the Hofstadter moth to lattice gauge theoryGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The guideline for these proposals is the celebrated Harper model Energy levels and wave functions of Bloch electrons in rational and irrational magnetic fields defined by the twodimensional D singleparticle Hamiltonian H Harper   J nm e imcim imc  nm  c nm   c  nmcm mc nm  hcThis tightbinding model was initially introduced  to describe electrons hopping on a square lattice perpendicular to a constant magnetic field BGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Fractional quantum Hall states of atoms in optical latticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In this paper we extend the JZ proposal and discuss a new scheme based on an optical superlattice Direct observation of second order atom tunnelling to generate a gauge potential leading to Gauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For a filling factor with   atom per site the quantum Hall regime then becomes reachable in presence of moderate atomic interactions Trapped Fermi gases in rotating optical lattices Realization and detection of the topological Hofstadter insulatorGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In practice the residual static trap anisotropy limits the total angular momentum to much smaller values for which the rotating gas is well described by a mean field approach Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Staggered vortex superfluid of ultracold Bosons in an optical latticeGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The guideline for these proposals is the celebrated Single band motion of conduction electrons in a uniform magnetic field model Single band motion of conduction electrons in a uniform magnetic field defined by the twodimensional D singleparticle Hamiltonian H Single band motion of conduction electrons in a uniform magnetic field   J nm e imcim imc  nm  c nm   c  nmcm mc nm  hcThis tightbinding model was initially introduced Single band motion of conduction electrons in a uniform magnetic field to describe electrons hopping on a square lattice perpendicular to a constant magnetic field BGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Particle number fractionalization of an atomic Fermi Dirac gas in an optical latticeGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Artificial electromagnetism for neutral atoms Escher staircase and Laughlin liquidsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear  see also Non Abelian optical lattices Anomalous quantum Hall effect and Dirac fermions for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We show that the case    leading to Dirac points analogous to those appearing in graphene The electronic properties of graphene can be achieved rather simply with a single laser beam coupling e and gGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Analogous quantum Hall phases should also arise in cold atomic gases when they are set into fast rotation see Rapidly rotating atomic gases and references thereinGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In this paper we extend the JZ proposal and discuss a new scheme based on an optical superlattice Lattice of double wells for manipulating pairs of cold atoms to generate a gauge potential leading to Gauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For a filling factor with   atom per site the quantum Hall regime then becomes reachable in presence of moderate atomic interactions Optical lattice quantum Hall effectGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For a filling factor with   atom per site the quantum Hall regime then becomes reachable in presence of moderate atomic interactions High field fractional quantum Hall effect in optical latticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
At variance with earlier works where alkali atoms were considered we propose here to use atoms with a longlived metastable excited state such as alkalineearth  or Ytterbium Degenerate Fermi gases of Ytterbium atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In practice the residual static trap anisotropy limits the total angular momentum to much smaller values for which the rotating gas is well described by a mean field approach Recently alternative schemes to simulate artificial gauge fields for neutral atoms have been explored using twodimensional D optical lattices Phonon induced artificial magnetic fields in optical latticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
At variance with earlier works where alkali atoms were considered we propose here to use atoms with a longlived metastable excited state such as alkalineearth  or Ytterbium Spin singlet Bose Einstein condensation of two electron atoms atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear  see also Simulation and detection of Dirac fermions with cold atoms in an optical lattice for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear  see also BCS BEC crossover on the two dimensional honeycomb lattice for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
 A manyelectrons calculation Dynamic polarizabilities and related properties of clock states of Ytterbium atom using more accurate parameters for the positions and widths of the optical transitions predict the antimagic wavelengths near  nm and  nm AGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear  see also p x y orbital counterpart of graphene Cold atoms in the honeycomb optical lattice for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For laser light tuned at the socalled magic wavelength  m   nm for Yb both states have the same polarizability and feel the same optical trapping potential Quantum state engineering and precision metrology using state insensitive light trapsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear  see also Ultracold fermions in a graphene type optical lattice for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Finally one can calculate the spontaneous emission and associated heating rates for atoms in each sublattice Motion of atoms in a radiation trapGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
We note that this dispersion relation gives rise to two Dirac points for k x  k y   d x  d y  around which the dispersion relation is linear Massless Dirac fermions in a square optical lattice see also  for discussions of the Dirac points occurring in different settings such as hexagonal lattices or nonAbelian gauge fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In this context g and e denoted two different hyperfine states in the ground state manifold and the spindependent optical potential was obtained by exploiting the vector lightshift arising in a laser field with suitable polarization see Coherent transport of neutral atoms in spin dependent optical lattice potentials for exampleGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For      the staggered value of the phase per plaquette leads to a Hamiltonian that is different from  and which in fact does not exhibit any structure reminiscent of Hofstaders butterfly Hofstadter butterflies in macroscopic time reversal invariant systems Tight binding electrons under n  n  staggered magnetic fieldsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
This can be linked to a general argument due to Model for a quantum Hall effect without Landau levels Condensed matter realization of the parity anomaly  emphasizing that breaking timereversal invariance symmetry is the key factor to generate systems with properties similar to integer quantum Hall phasesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In this context g and e denoted two different hyperfine states in the ground state manifold and the spindependent optical potential was obtained by exploiting the vector lightshift arising in a laser field with suitable polarization see Experimental study of Zeeman light shifts in weak magnetic fields for exampleGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
It has also inspired novel proposals for quantum information processing  or quantum simulation Two orbital SU N magnetism with ultracold alkaline earth atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
of allowed states in the combined lattice plus external trap in striking contrast with the uniform case Single atom density of states of an optical latticeGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
States with higher energy which corresponds to the bandgap of the uniform system are welllocalized states offset from the cloud center Radio frequency selective addressing of localized atoms in a periodic potential with an energy mostly determined by the local potential energy near the turning pointGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
These plateaux correspond to bandinsulating regions similar to that appearing for other incompressible systems in traps such as Mott insulators Formation of spatial shell structure in the superfluid to Mott insulator transitionGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
These plateaux correspond to bandinsulating regions similar to that appearing for other incompressible systems in traps such as Mott insulators Imaging the Mott Insulator Shells by Using Atomic Clock ShiftsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Combined with interatomic interactions an entirely new class of superfluid or strongly correlated systems becomes accessible with ultracold atoms Spatial patterns in optical lattices submitted to gauge potentialsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Combined with interatomic interactions an entirely new class of superfluid or strongly correlated systems becomes accessible with ultracold atoms Physics of a two dimensional electron gas with cold atoms in non Abelian gauge potentialsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The polarizabilities of the two states calculated using the data from Ytterbium Optical Lattice Clock are shown in FigGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The fractional quantum Hall FQH phases realized by twodimensional electron gases in very large magnetic fields are among the most intriguing states of matter see for instance The quantum Hall effect Novel excitations and broken symmetriesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Observing these highly correlated phases is one of the major goals in the field of trapped quantum gases Many body physics with ultracold gasesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
This goal has however not yet been reached because of the difficulty of communicating the required amount of angular momentum on the order of N per atom with N the number of particles to the system Rapidly rotating Bose Einstein condensates in and near the lowest Landau levelGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
This goal has however not yet been reached because of the difficulty of communicating the required amount of angular momentum on the order of N per atom with N the number of particles to the system Fast rotation of a Bose Einstein condensateGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In practice the residual static trap anisotropy limits the total angular momentum to much smaller values for which the rotating gas is well described by a mean field approach Bose Einstein condensates with large number of vorticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
For a filling factor with   atom per site the quantum Hall regime then becomes reachable in presence of moderate atomic interactions Fractional quantum Hall effect in optical latticesGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
Theoretical studies have found that some of these phases were essentially similar to that encountered in the bulk  whereas others are without counterpart in the bulk phase Characterization of topological states on a lattice with Chern numberGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
At variance with earlier works where alkali atoms were considered we propose here to use atoms with a longlived metastable excited state such as alkalineearth Bose Einstein condensation of alkaline earth atoms  Ca or Ytterbium  atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
At variance with earlier works where alkali atoms were considered we propose here to use atoms with a longlived metastable excited state such as alkalineearth Bose Einstein condensation of strontium or Ytterbium  atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
At variance with earlier works where alkali atoms were considered we propose here to use atoms with a longlived metastable excited state such as alkalineearth Bose Einstein condensation of  Sr or Ytterbium  atomsGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
In such systems electrons bind to magnetic vortices forming strongly correlated phases with striking properties such as exotic excitations anyons which obey fractional statistics Anyons and the quantum Hall effect a pedagogical reviewGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The very long lifetime of e around  s for Yb Possibility of an optical clock using the   S    P  transition in   Yb atoms held in an optical lattice allows one to operate optical atomic clocks at the resonance wavelength     nm between g and e Gauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The very long lifetime of e around  s for Yb  allows one to operate optical atomic clocks at the resonance wavelength     nm between g and e Observation of the  S   P  transition in atomic Ytterbium for optical clocks and qubit arraysGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The very long lifetime of e around  s for Yb  allows one to operate optical atomic clocks at the resonance wavelength     nm between g and e Observation and absolute frequency measurements of the S  P  optical clock transition in neutral YtterbiumGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
The very long lifetime of e around  s for Yb  allows one to operate optical atomic clocks at the resonance wavelength     nm between g and e Direct excitation of the forbidden clock transition in neutral  Yb atoms confined to an optical latticeGauge fields for ultracold atoms in optical superlattices
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea A Renormalization procedure for tensor models and scalar tensor theories of gravity Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
In the sequel it is found that ary algebras n ary algebras A Review with applications describe the symmetries of the tensor modelsTensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
In the sequel it is found that ary algebras Three lectures on  algebras describe the symmetries of the tensor modelsTensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea Emergent general relativity in the tensor models possessing Gaussian classical solutions Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea Gauge fixing in the tensor model and emergence of local gauge symmetries Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea Emergent general relativity on fuzzy spaces from tensor models Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea The Lowest modes around Gaussian solutions of tensor models and the general relativity Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea The Fluctuation spectra around a Gaussian classical solution of a tensor model and the general relativity Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
 and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea Tensor model and dynamical generation of commutative nonassociative fuzzy spaces Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Tensor models have originally been introduced Three dimensional simplicial quantum gravity and generalized matrix models to describe the simplicial quantum gravity in more than two dimensions with the hope to extend the successful description of the twodimensional simplicial quantum gravity by the matrix models to other dimensionsTensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
An Invariant approach to dynamical fuzzy spaces with a three index variable Euclidean models and the subsequent studies mainly in numerical methods have supported the validity of this basic idea  Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Tensor models have originally been introduced Tensor model for gravity and orientability of manifold to describe the simplicial quantum gravity in more than two dimensions with the hope to extend the successful description of the twodimensional simplicial quantum gravity by the matrix models to other dimensionsThe formulation has later been extended  to describe spin foam and loop quantum gravities by considering Liegroup valued indices  Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
ary algebras have been introduced in physics by Nambu   and have recently been widely discussed in the context of Mtheory Algebraic structures on parallel M branes Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
ary algebras have been introduced in physics by Nambu   and have recently been widely discussed in the context of Mtheory Modeling Multiple M sTensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
ary algebras have been introduced in physics by Nambu   and have recently been widely discussed in the context of Mtheory Gauge symmetry and supersymmetry of multiple M branes Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently Lost in Translation Topological Singularities in Group Field Theory Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Tensor models have originally been introduced Simplicial quantum gravity in more than two dimensions to describe the simplicial quantum gravity in more than two dimensions with the hope to extend the successful description of the twodimensional simplicial quantum gravity by the matrix models to other dimensionsTensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
This viewpoint not only seems natural from the physical requirement of quantum gravity but has also been supported by some recent results from simplicial quantum gravity Fractal spacetime structure in asymptotically safe gravity and field theoretical treatment  Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently The  N expansion of colored tensor models Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently EPRL FK Group Field Theory Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently The complete  N expansion of colored tensor models in arbitrary dimension Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently Topological Graph Polynomials in Colored Group Field Theory Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently Colored Group Field Theory Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Despite various difficulties  and the rather slow development since the introduction of tensor models some interesting results have been reported recently Diffeomorphisms in group field theories Tensor models and ary algebras Tensor models and ary algebras
Deviations from these optimal levels including increases of local tonic dopamine concentrations and dopamine turnover lead to impaired striatal and cortical mechanisms underlying working memory sensory discrimination and planning  Murphy et al Effects of methylphenidate on spatial working memory and planning in healthy young adults et al Liu et al  which may underlie the working memory deficits seen in drug abusers  Ornstein et al Potential Vulnerabilities of Neuronal Reward Risk and Decision Mechanisms to Addictive Drugs
Stimuli not associated with prediction errors are blocked from behavioral and neuronal learning  Dopamine responses comply with basic assumptions of formal learning theory et al Potential Vulnerabilities of Neuronal Reward Risk and Decision Mechanisms to Addictive Drugs
Generalization in the first component of dopamine responses occurs with neutral stimuli  Schultz and Romo Waelti et al  aversive stimuli Mirenowicz and Schultz Joshua et al Two types of dopamine neuron distinctly convey positive and negative motivational signals and Hikosaka  explicit nonreward predicting stimuli conditioned inhibitors Tobler et al  and delaypredicting stimuli  Kobayashi and Schultz Potential Vulnerabilities of Neuronal Reward Risk and Decision Mechanisms to Addictive Drugs
The enhancement via D receptors may help the transition from drug use to addiction whereas D or D receptors may be involved in the expression of addiction  Capriles et al The neural basis of addiction A pathology of motivation and choice and Volkow Potential Vulnerabilities of Neuronal Reward Risk and Decision Mechanisms to Addictive Drugs
Findings regarding the qualitative studies are reported elsewhere Barriers and facilitators to use of high technology augmentative and alternative communication devices a systematic review and qualitative synthesisInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
High tech AAC systems are expensive to purchase and repair and funding may fail to meet total device costs or include adequate speechlanguage pathology support Non electronic communication aids for people with complex communication needsInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Augmentative and alternative communication use by people with traumatic brain injury a review for example highlighted that practitioners are unsure of when and how to implement AAC systems due to a paucity of research evidenceInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
A system which detects minute facial muscle or eye movements in addition to brain waves enabling movement of a computer cursor to make communication choices Cyberlink TM  was evaluated in one paper A training program for the use of the Cyberlink control system for young children with cerebral palsyInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
An EEGbased BCI system was used by an adult with severe cerebral palsy with a  correct response rate for copy spelling following training in one study Clinical application of an EEG based brain computer interface a case study in a patient with severe motor impairmentInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Another study Rate and quality of conversations using a text storage AAC system Single case training study described the use of TALK TM  a textstorage and retrievalsystemInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
The single participant tested with the system achieved a conversational rate of  words per minute and in another paper Evaluation of the coherence of computer aided conversations the same authors described successful use of a prestorage deviceInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Another Speech recognition and dysarthria a single subject study of two individuals with profound impairment of speech and motor control assessing the use of DragonDictate TM reported that while one participant withdrew from the study the other achieved gains in computer access efficiency of Interventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
In one Use of aided language stimulation to improve syntactic performance during a weeklong intervention program gains in syntactic complexity using a SGD were outlined however prepost test score change was smaller for the SGD than for a communication boardInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
One An investigation of different degrees of dysarthric speech as input to speaker adaptive and speaker dependent recognition systems which evaluated the introduction of Swedish DragonDictate TM and Infovox TM systems outlined gains in with recognition accuracy of Interventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
An additional paper Improved comprehension of object names following voice output communication aid use Two case studies outlined that improvement in comprehension could result from use of a VOCAInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Another study The camera mouse visual tracking of body features to provide computer access for people with severe disabilities employed user movements to access a computer via a camera mouse with six of the ten participants able to use the technology to spell out communicationsInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Eight studies investigated use of braincomputer interface    and compared peermediated naturalistic interventions with and without a SGD reporting a significant increase in communicative behaviours using the SGD Peer mediated teaching and augmentative and alternative communication for preschool aged children with autismInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
The only study evaluating a VOCA intervention High tech AAC and severe aphasia Candidacy for TouchSpeak TS   One further paper relating to adults with nonprogressive neurological disorders  described the use of a laptop computer with word processing software for a male following total glossectomy and layngectomyInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
This review therefore was undertaken as a state of the art review A typology of reviews an analysis of  review types and associated methodologies to present an assessment of the current state of knowledge in the fieldInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Evaluation of study findings is needed in order to provide evidencebased information for funders potential users and service managers and to underpin evidencebased practice amongst speechlanguage pathologists Evidence based practice in augmentative and alternative communicationInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
In addition the definition of outcomes to be measured offers a considerable challenge when the goal of intervention encompasses enabling individuals to access life Towards a definition of communicative competence for individuals using augmentative and alternative communication systemsInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
It is important to note the predominance of case series or case study designs in the field representing only level IV evidence Three minute critical appraisal of a case series articleInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
It has also been suggested AAC technologies to enhance participation and access to meaningful societal roles for adolescents and adults with developmental disabilities who require AAC Augment Altern Comm that practitioners and users may have limited access to available systems or services due to funding issues and limited specialist knowledgeInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
Roles of speech output in augmentative and alternative communication Narrative review described how practitioners faced a difficult task when matching appropriate systems to individuals with disabilitiesInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
The only study evaluating a VOCA intervention   One further paper relating to adults with nonprogressive neurological disorders Augmentative and alternative communication for adults following glosssectomy and laryngectomy surgery described the use of a laptop computer with word processing software for a male following total glossectomy and layngectomyInterventions Using HighTechnology Communication Devices A State of the Art Review
This would be a conclusive evidence of the presence of impulsive heating mechanisms in coronal loops eg On Solving the Coronal Heating Problem  see Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
To explain both these pieces of evidence several authors claimed that the loops cannot be at equilibrium and that they must be filamented and cooling from a hotter state probably continuously subject to heating episodes nanoflares Hydrodynamic Modeling of Active Region Loops et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Warm loops are well observed by EUV imagers such as SoHOEIT TRACE and in most channels of SDOAIA and confine plasma at temperature around   MK  Temperature and Emission Measure Profiles along Long lived Solar Coronal Loops Observed with the Transition Region and Coronal Explorer et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In some cases it is possible to use coronal seismology first proposed by Uchida  to determine the average magnetic field strength in an oscillating loop first used by TRACE observations of damped coronal loop oscillations implications for coronal heating et alCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The amount of background depends on the instrument characteristics such as the passband and the point response function it is most of the signal in TRACE UV filterbands for instance and its subtraction becomes a very delicate issue eg Del Zanna and Mason Analysis of a multi wavelength time resolved observation of a coronal loop and Ciaravella Aschwanden et al Terzo and Analysis of a multi wavelength time resolved observation of a coronal loop Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The evolution of single coronal loops or single loop strands subject to impulsive heating was summarized in the context of the diagnostics of stellar flares Diagnostics of stellar flares from X ray observations from the decay to the rise phase Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Studies based both on models and on analysis of observations independently suggest that elementary loop components should be very fine with typical crosssections of the strands on the order of   km  Beveridge et al Nanoflare Heating of the Corona Revisited and Klimchuk Vekstein Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The amount of background depends on the instrument characteristics such as the passband and the point response function it is most of the signal in TRACE UV filterbands for instance and its subtraction becomes a very delicate issue eg Solar active regions SOHO CDS and TRACE observations of quiescent coronal loops and Mason Reale and Ciaravella Aschwanden et al Terzo and Reale Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These equations can be solved numerically and several specific codes have been used extensively to investigate the physics of coronal loops and of Xray flares eg Nagai Coronal closed structures IV Hydrodynamical stability and response to heating perturbations et al Doschek et al Nagai and Emslie Fisher et al aaaMacNeice Gan et al Hansteen Betta et al Antiochos et al Ofman and Wang Mller et al Bradshaw and Mason Sigalotti and MendozaBriceo Bradshaw and Cargill Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
From the comparison with the isothermal structure of hot loops derived from CDS data Di CDS SoHO multi line observation of a solar active region Detection of a hot stable loop and of a cool dynamic loop et al Landi and Landini  and a systematic inspection of the CDS atlas the conclusion was that there might be two different classes of loops multithermal and isothermal  Figure Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
For instance the different fuzziness measured in spectral lines forming at different coronal temperatures TriLiving Reviews in Solar Physics httpwwwlivingreviewsorglrsp pathi et al  has been modeled with loops made of tens of independently pulseheated strands Coronal Fuzziness Modeled with Pulse heated Multi stranded Loop Systems et al Reale et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Some mechanisms have been proposed to explain these redshifts downward propagating acoustic waves Hansteen  downdrafts driven by radiativelycooling condensations in the solar transition region  Reale et al Reale et al  b nanoflares  New insight into transition region dynamics via SUMER observations and numerical modelling et al  the scenario is improving with the better and better definition of the observational frameworkCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The brightening of a single coronal loop was analyzed in detail in an observation of more than  hours with a cadence of about  s  A Brightening Coronal Loop Observed by TRACE II Loop Modeling and Constraints on Heating et al aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The first coronal loop structures were identified properly after a rocket launch in  which provided for the first time an image of an Xray flare  Identification and Analysis of Structures in the Corona from X Ray Photography et al  with a resolution of a few arcsecCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
fluxtube tectonics model A Flux Tube Tectonics Model for Solar Coronal Heating Driven by the Magnetic Carpet et al  see also Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
For instance the presence of tapering changes considerably the predicted distribution Possible deviations from pure D evolution might be driven by intense oscillations or kinks as described in Three Dimensional Magnetohydrodynamic Models of Twisted Multithreaded Coronal Loop Oscillations Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
This has been taken as part of the evidence toward steady coronal heating in active region cores  Evidence for Steady Heating Observations of an Active Region Core with Hinode and TRACE et al b see Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Narrowband filters can show nonunique dependencies of filter ratio values on temperature eg Patsourakos and Klimchuk  due to the presence of several important spectral lines in the bands but a more general problem can be the bias to detect narrow ranges of temperatures forced by the specific instrument characteristics  Isothermal Bias of the Filter Ratio Method for Observations of Multithermal Plasma et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These loops are invisible in the Xray band and many of them depart from sunspots appear coaxial and are progressively thinner for progressively lower temperature ions The pressure and energy balance of the cool corona over sunspotsCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Also the peak of the coronal emission measure of active regions where the loops are brightest is above  MK which is best observed in Xrays eg Peres et al Comparison of Hinode XRT and RHESSI Detection of Hot Plasma in the Non Flaring Solar Corona et al aWarren et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Such strands are conceptually different from the thin strands predicted in the nanoflare scenario Nanoflares and the solar X ray corona  which imply a highly dynamic evolution due to pulsedheatingCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Narrowband filters can show nonunique dependencies of filter ratio values on temperature eg The Cross Field Thermal Structure of Coronal Loops from Triple Filter TRACE Observations and Klimchuk  due to the presence of several important spectral lines in the bands but a more general problem can be the bias to detect narrow ranges of temperatures forced by the specific instrument characteristics  Weber et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Further support to fine structuring comes from the analysis of the autocorrelation functions in SXT and TRACE loop observations  Observational Appearance of Nanoflares with SXT and TRACE et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Some mechanisms have been proposed to explain these redshifts downward propagating acoustic waves A new interpretation of the redshift observed in optically thin transition region lines  downdrafts driven by radiativelycooling condensations in the solar transition region  Reale et al Reale et al  b nanoflares  Teriaca et al  the scenario is improving with the better and better definition of the observational frameworkCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Global ab initio approaches have been developed An Ab Initio Approach to the Solar Coronal Heating Problem and Nordlund Hansteen et al  see also Yokoyama and Shibata  for the case of a flare model to model with full MHD boxes of the solar corona that span the entire solar atmosphere from the upper convection zone to the lower coronaCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Figure  tracks this evolution which maps on the path drawn in the densitytemperature diagram of Figure  see also Dynamics of flaring loops II Flare evolution in the density temperature diagram et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Also the peak of the coronal emission measure of active regions where the loops are brightest is above  MK which is best observed in Xrays eg The Sun as an X Ray Star II Using the Yohkoh Soft X Ray Telescope derived Solar Emission Measure versus Temperature to Interpret Stellar X Ray Observations et al Reale et al aWarren et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The emission from hot emission lines Ca xvii and Fe xviii has been confirmed from simultaneous observations with SDOAIA and with the HinodeEIS spectrometer  Testa and Reale Spectroscopic Observations of Fe XVIII in Solar Active Regions et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Similar results but different conclusions were reached after the analysis of a loop observed with SoHO invoking a nonconstant crosssection to explain the evidence of isothermal loop  Models for Solar Magnetic Loops IV On the Relation between Coronal and Footpoint Plasma in Active Region Loops Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Lineofsight flows of up to  km s  were measured along warm and apparently static active region loops in coaligned TRACE and the SoHOSUMER observations Steady Flows Detected in Extreme Ultraviolet Loops et al cCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Another puzzling issue certainly linked to the loop isothermal appearance is that warm loops are often diagnosed to be overdense with respect to the equilibrium values predicted by loop scaling laws  Lenz et al Transition Region and Coronal Explorer and Soft X Ray Telescope Active Region Loop Observations Comparisons with Static Solutions of the Hydrodynamic Equations et al a Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Cool plasma flowing in multithreaded coronal loops were detected in high resolution Hinode SOT observations with speeds in the range   km s  Hinode observations of transverse waves with flows in coronal loops and Wang Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
They were first addressed by Foukal  and later explored more with SoHO observations  High Velocity Flows in an Active Region Loop System Observed with the Coronal Diagnostic Spectrometer CDS on SOHO et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The temperature gradient there is very large due to the local balance between the steep temperature dependence of the thermal conduction and the peak of the radiative losses function  Closed coronal structures II Generalized hydrostatic model et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Systematic triangulations and D reconstructions using the Extreme UltraViolet Imager EUVI telescopes on both STEREO spacecrafts were used to derive loop characteristics such as the loop plane inclination angles First D Reconstructions of Coronal Loops with the STEREO A B Spacecraft II Electron Density and Temperature Measurements et al First D Reconstructions of Coronal Loops with the STEREO A B Spacecraft II Electron Density and Temperature Measurements et al  Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Implications of these results on the theory of coronal heating were discussed in Cross Sectional Properties of Coronal Loops but the conclusion was that none of the models alone is able to explain all observed propertiesCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Resonant electrodynamic heating of stellar coronal loops an LRC circuit analog  devised an LRC equivalent circuit to show the potential importance of AC processes to heat the coronaCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Living Reviews in Solar Physics Widespread evidence for outward propagation of Alfvn waves is reported from ground optical polarimetric observations Alfv n Waves in the Solar Corona et al  and nonthermal broadening has been shown to correlate  with swaying motions detected in the corona from SDOAIA data speed of   km s  and periods of few minutes Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
This problem emerged dramatically when the analysis of the same large loop structure observed with YohkohSXT on the solar limb led to three Fabio Reale different results depending mostly on the different ways to treat the background  A Method to Determine the Heating Mechanisms of the Solar Corona et al Aschwanden et al Reale aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Loop twisting or braiding and kink instability can lead to magnetic reconnection with the formation and fragmentation of thin current sheets and their dissipation through resistivity Hood et al bWilmotSmith et al A nanoflare distribution generated by repeated relaxations triggered by kink instability et al Pontin et al WilmotSmith et al A nanoflare distribution generated by repeated relaxations triggered by kink instability et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These equations can be solved numerically and several specific codes have been used extensively to investigate the physics of coronal loops and of Xray flares eg Gas dynamics in the impulsive phase of solar flares I Thick target heating by nonthermal electrons Peres et al Doschek et al Gas dynamics in the impulsive phase of solar flares I Thick target heating by nonthermal electrons and Emslie Fisher et al aaaMacNeice Gan et al Hansteen Betta et al Antiochos et al Ofman and Wang Mller et al Bradshaw and Mason Sigalotti and MendozaBriceo Bradshaw and Cargill Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Downflows are systematically confirmed in lines at transition region temperatures   MK from a few km s  Feldman et al  to a few tens km s  Evidence of Explosive Evaporation in a Microflare Observed by Hinode EIS and Ding UgarteUrra and Warren Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
They have been later addressed as the moss in the TRACE images which undergo the same effect and their interactions with the underlying chromospheric structures began to be studied  What is Moss  et al Fletcher and De Pontieu Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
A simple geometric description is reported in Temperature Dependence of Ultraviolet Line Average Doppler Shifts in the Quiet Sun et alCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
This problem emerged dramatically when the analysis of the same large loop structure observed with YohkohSXT on the solar limb led to three Fabio Reale different results depending mostly on the different ways to treat the background  Priest et al The New Solar Corona et al Reale aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Hydrodynamic loop modeling showed that Alfvn waves deposit significant momentum in the plasma and that steady state conditions with significant flows and relatively high density can be reached Coronal loops heated by turbulence driven Alfv n waves A two fluid model Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These warm loops would coexist with hot loops and would show a multithermal emission measure distribution Patsourakos and Klimchuk Warren et al aActive Region Loops Hinode Extreme Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer Observations et al  ii we might have warm loops as an obvious result of a relatively low average heating input in the loopCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The amount of background depends on the instrument characteristics such as the passband and the point response function it is most of the signal in TRACE UV filterbands for instance and its subtraction becomes a very delicate issue eg Del Zanna and Mason Reale and Ciaravella Aschwanden et al On the importance of background subtraction in the analysis of coronal loops observed with TRACE and Reale Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
This problem emerged dramatically when the analysis of the same large loop structure observed with YohkohSXT on the solar limb led to three  different results depending mostly on the different ways to treat the background  Priest et al Aschwanden et al Stellar Flare Modeling aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The analysis of a single loop observed on the solar limb with SoHOCDS showed a bias to obtain flat temperature distributions along the loop from ratios of single lines or narrow band filters TRACE while a careful DEM reconstruction at selected points along the same loop was inconsistent with isothermal plasma both across and along the loop  Observational Constraints on Coronal Heating Models Using Coronal Diagnostics Spectrometer and Soft X Ray Telescope Data et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In particular whereas the loop total emission measure distribution should steepen above the canonical    Jordan The Sun as an X Ray Star I Deriving the Emission Measure Distribution versus Temperature of the Whole Solar Corona from the Yohkoh Soft X Ray Telescope Data et al Peres et al  dependence for temperature above  MKCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In another study hot monolithic loops visible with the YohkohSXT were instead resolved as stranded cooler structures with TRACE at later times Cooling Active Region Loops Observed with SXT and TRACE  although the large time delay  to  hours is hardly compatible with the cooling time from SXT to TRACE sensitivityCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Density diagnostics through densitysensitive line ratio led to measure directly density values in active regions eg The Temperature and Density Structure of an Active Region Observed with the Extreme Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer on Hinode et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
From a differential emission measure DEM analysis with a forwardfolding technique on SoHOCDS data some loops were found to be isothermal and others to have a broad DEM  Coronal Diagnostic Spectrometer Observations of Isothermal and Multithermal Coronal Loops et alCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Also the peak of the coronal emission measure of active regions where the loops are brightest is above  MK which is best observed in Xrays eg Peres et al Reale et al aConstraints on the Heating of Hightemperature Active Region Loops Observations from Hinode and the Solar Dynamics Observatory et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Resonances of coronal loops  used a dissipation length formalism to propose resonance absorption of Alfvn waves as a potential coronal heating mechanismCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Also this hypothesis does not seem to answer the question  The Inability of Steady Flow Models to Explain the Extreme Ultraviolet Coronal Loops et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
First limited evidence of fine structuring was the low filling factor inferred for loops observed with NIXT Di Analysis and comparison of loop structures imaged with NIXT and Yohkoh SXT et al  see Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Temperature maps derived with combined filter ratios show fine structuring to the limit of the instrument resolution and evidence of multithermal  Hinode X Ray Telescope Detection of Hot Emission from Quiescent Active Regions A Nanoflare Signature  et al  and data in the medium thickness filters appear to constrain better this component of hot plasma as widespread although minor and peaking around log      with a tail above  MK  Reale et al bCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The problem of background subtraction in loop analysis has been addressed by several authors who apply different subtraction ranging from simple offset to emission in nearby pixels or subregions to values interpolated between the loop sides to whole images at times when the loop is no longer or not yet visible Testa et al Del Zanna and Mason The Effect of Background Subtraction on the Temperature of EIT Coronal Loops et al Aschwanden and Nightingale Reale and Ciaravella Aschwanden et al Terzo and Reale Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Heating by nanoflares has a long history as a possible candidate to explain the heating of the solar corona and in particular of the coronal loops eg Hydrodynamics and Diagnostics of Coronal Loops Subject to Dynamic Heating et al Cargill Kopp and Poletto Shimizu Judge et al MitraKraev and Benz Katsukawa and Tsuneta MendozaBriceo et al Warren et al Warren et al  Spadaro et al Klimchuk  Mller et al Testa et al Taroyan et al Vekstein Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Attempts of systematic studies have been performed in the past on Yohkoh and TRACE data eg Soft X Ray Loops and Coronal Heating and Klimchuk Aschwanden et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Studies of NIXT loops including the comparison with hydrostatic loop models Section  pointed out that bright spots also visible in H  band were the footpoints of hot highpressure loops Loop models of low coronal structures observed by the Normal Incidence X Ray Telescope NIXT  et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Studies based both on models and on analysis of observations independently suggest that elementary loop components should be very fine with typical crosssections of the strands on the order of   km  Beveridge et al Cargill and Klimchuk Probing nanoflares with observed fluctuations of the coronal EUV emission Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In particular whereas the loop total emission measure distribution should steepen above the canonical    Jordan Orlando et al The Distribution of the Emission Measure and of the Heating Budget among the Loops in the Corona et al  dependence for temperature above  MKCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Observations of active region loops with EIS indicate that isolated coronal loops that are bright in Fe xii generally have very narrow temperature distributions     K but are not properly isothermal and have a volumetric filling factors of approximately   Observations of Active Region Loops with the EUV Imaging Spectrometer on Hinode et al aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Light curves in the EUV band have been analysed also with a different approach they have been compared to simulated ones obtained from sequences of random pulses with powerlaw distribution Can a Nanoflare Model of Extreme ultraviolet Irradiances Describe the Heating of the Solar Corona  and Safari Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The slope of the power law is a critical parameter to establish weather such events are able to heat the solar corona Solar flares microflares nanoflares and coronal heating Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Another systematic analysis on another sample of Yohkoh loops in active regions Scaling Law of Solar Coronal Loops Obtained with YOHKOH and Tsuneta  confirmed some of the correlations in Porter and Klimchuk  but also found a correlation between the loop length and the temperature and deviations from RTV scaling laws Section Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Models of loops made of thousands of nanoflareheated strands were developed and applied to derive detailed predictions Some implications of the nanoflare concept Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Among dissipation mechanisms phase mixing with enhanced resistivity was suggested by Damping Time Scaling of Coronal Loop Oscillations Deduced from Transition Region and Coronal Explorer Observations  and supported by the analysis of Damping Time Scaling of Coronal Loop Oscillations Deduced from Transition Region and Coronal Explorer Observations and Wang Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
This means that for most of their lives they can be well described as systems at equilibrium and has been the starting point for several early theoretical studies A loop model of active coronal regions and Monsignori Fossi Gabriel Jordan Vesecky et al Jordan Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In typical coronal conditions ie ratio of thermal and magnetic pressure     temperature of a few MK density of     cm   the plasma confined in coronal loops can be assumed as a compressible fluid moving and transporting energy only along the magnetic field lines ie along the loop itself eg Rosner et al Numerical modeling of quasi static coronal loops I Uniform energy input et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
 and Determination of the coronal magnetic field by coronal loop oscillations and Ofman  on TRACE loops and more recently investigated in a number of studiesCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
It has been shown that timedependent loop models must include a relatively thick cool and dense chromosphere and the transition region for a correct description of the mass transfer driven by transient heating eg The Influence of Numerical Resolution on Coronal Density in Hydrodynamic Models of Impulsive Heating and Cargill  and to maintain the necessary numerical stability Antiochos Hood and Priest Peres et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
We expect better resolution switching from narrowband instruments with few channels  Weber et al  to spectrometers Monte Carlo Markov chain DEM reconstruction of isothermal plasmas and Klimchuk Monte Carlo Markov chain DEM reconstruction of isothermal plasmas et al b but it is difficult to achieve a temperature resolution better than  log      Monte Carlo Markov chain DEM reconstruction of isothermal plasmas et al bCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These equations can be solved numerically and several specific codes have been used extensively to investigate the physics of coronal loops and of Xray flares eg Nagai Peres et al Doschek et al Nagai and Emslie Fisher et al aaaMacNeice Gan et al Hansteen Betta et al Antiochos et al Ofman and Wang Mller et al Explosive heating of low density coronal plasma and Mason Sigalotti and MendozaBriceo Explosive heating of low density coronal plasma and Cargill Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Along a coronal loop in an active region on the solar limb while TRACE double filter ratios led to temperatures between  and  MK the emission measure loci from CDS data were consistent with a lineofsight isothermal structure which increases in temperature from   to  MK along the loop in contrast with the nearby multithermal background Comparison of High Resolution TRACE Data to Spectroscopic CDS Data for Temperature Determination et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In some of these studies for instance seismological techniques are used in order to measure flareinduced loop oscillations Ballai et al  and waves and flows in active region loops  Three dimensional Magnetohydrodynamic Modeling of Propagating Disturbances in Fan like Coronal Loops et al Uritsky et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The properties of siphon flows have been studied by several authors Cargill and Priest Noci Borrini and Noci Antiochos Thomas Montesinos and Thomas Noci et al Thomas and Montesinos The effect of nonequilibrium ionization on ultraviolet line shifts in the solar transition region et al Thomas and Montesinos Peres et al Montesinos and Thomas Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
One such model addressed the evidence of flat TRACEEIT filterratios along loops that were explained by the multifilament loop structure Multi strand Coronal Loop Model and Filter ratio Analysis and Marsch Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Although there is evidence of intermittent heating episodes it has been questioned whether and to what extent nanoflares are able to provide enough energy to heat the corona eg Do EUV Nanoflares Account for Coronal Heating  Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Undamped or even growing waves were observed by SDOAIA  Growing Transverse Oscillations of a Multistranded Loop Observed by SDO AIA et al Nistic et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The emission from hot emission lines Ca xvii and Fe xviii has been confirmed from simultaneous observations with SDOAIA and with the HinodeEIS spectrometer  Hinode EIS Spectroscopic Validation of Very Hot Plasma Imaged with the Solar Dynamics Observatory in Non flaring Active Region Cores and Reale Teriaca et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In typical coronal conditions ie ratio of thermal and magnetic pressure     temperature of a few MK density of     cm   the plasma confined in coronal loops can be assumed as a compressible fluid moving and transporting energy only along the magnetic field lines ie along the loop itself eg Dynamics of the quiescent solar corona et al Vesecky et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
It was possible to study the whole evolution of an active region from the emergence as compact loops filled with dense plasma to its late spreading a few solar rotations later as progressively longer and longer loops filled with less and less dense plasma  Active region coronal evolution et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
Downflows are systematically confirmed in lines at transition region temperatures   MK from a few km s  Feldman et al  to a few tens km s  Chen and Ding Temporal Variability of Active Region Outflows and Warren Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
These equations can be solved numerically and several specific codes have been used extensively to investigate the physics of coronal loops and of Xray flares eg Nagai Peres et al Doschek et al Nagai and Emslie Fisher et al aaaMacNeice Gan et al Hansteen An adaptive grid code for high resolution  D hydrodynamics of the solar and stellar transition region and corona et al Antiochos et al Ofman and Wang Mller et al Bradshaw and Mason Sigalotti and MendozaBriceo Bradshaw and Cargill Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
There were some early attempts to study the structure along the single strands in TRACE observations  Temperature and Density Structure of Hot and Cool Loops Derived from the Analysis of TRACE Data et al Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
A similar idea was applied to make predictions about the presence or absence of nonthermal broadening in several spectral lines eg Ne viii Mg x Fe xvii due to nanoflaredriven chromospheric evaporation  Nonthermal Spectral Line Broadening and the Nanoflare Model and Klimchuk Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
On the same line collections of loop models have been applied to describe entire active regions  Hydrostatic Modeling of the Integrated Soft X Ray and Extreme Ultraviolet Emission in Solar Active Regions and Winebarger Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The upgrade driven by the higher quality of the data has consisted in the introduction of more detailed mechanisms for the heating input for the momentum deposition or others eg the timedependent ionization and the saturated thermal conduction  Bradshaw and Cargill Nonequilibrium of Ionization and the Detection of Hot Plasma in Nanoflare heated Coronal Loops and Orlando Coronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
In single loops this can be diagnosed from the analysis of the slope of the decay path in the densitytemperature diagram Dynamics of flaring loops III Interpretation of flare evolution in the emission measure temperature diagram et al Reale et al aCoronal Loops Observations and Modeling of Confined Plasma
The key issue in efficient and directed calcite precipitation and in determining the longterm stability of calcitetrapped CO  and trace metals is a fundamental understanding of the mineral surface processes controlling crystal growth  and dissolution On Biomineralization Calcite surface structure and reactivity molecular dynamics simulations and macroscopic surface modelling of the calcitewater interface
Subsequently conserved B were found for arbitrary dimension and matter analogs have also been constructed see eg Gravitation and Relativity in General for earlier referencesVery recently we showed that a conserved B  R DR could be defined for topologically massive gravity No BelRobinson Tensor for Quadratic Curvature Theories
Recent studies have suggested that macrophage expression of Programmed Death Ligand PDL is important in regulating T cell responses to influenza infection Viral acute lower respiratory infections impair CD T cells through PD Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Although the influenza virus primarily infects the respiratory epithelium this virus can also infect and replicate in human alveolar macrophages Influenza virus replication in human alveolar macrophagesViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Although the influenza virus primarily infects the respiratory epithelium this virus can also infect and replicate in human alveolar macrophages Autopsy series of  cases dying before and during the  influenza pandemic peakViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
HN is due to increases in macrophage cytokine release Induction of proinflammatory cytokines in human macrophages by influenza A HN viruses a mechanism for the unusual severity of human disease  highlighting a key role in the control of the inflammatory responseViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Role of virusinduced IFN in PDL expressionSince type I IFN expression was observed in response to influenza infection and previous studies have suggested that these cytokines could induce PDL expression Interferon beta enhances monocyte and dendritic cell expression of B H PD L a strong inhibitor of autologous T cell activation relevance for the immune modulatory effect in multiple sclerosis we investigated whether rhIFN could induce PDL gene expression in our MDM model FigViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
In contrast binding of PDL to PD causes inhibition of TCRmediated phosphatidylinositolkinase PIKinase activation leading to inhibition of T cell proliferation and cytokine release PD  and its ligands in T cell immunityViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Previous investigators have suggested that there is equilibrium between expression of these markers and the activation state with inhibitory signalling being predominant when CDCD expression is low  programmed death  ligand on dendritic cells is involved in the induction and maintenance of T cell anergyViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
The increased expression and activation of the PDPDL axis in chronic viral infections such as HIV and Hepatitis C HCV can lead to progressive loss of T cell function Upregulation of PD  expression on circulating and intrahepatic hepatitis C virus specific CD T cells associated with reversible immune dysfunctionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
The data presented herein may have implications for understanding the mechanisms of the virusinduced exacerbations of chronic respiratory diseases such as severe asthma Rhinovirus  induced IFN alpha and IFN beta are deficient in bronchoalveolar lavage cells in asthmatic patientsViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
IL producing response Predominant THlike bronchoalveolar T lymphocyte population in atopic asthma and more recent work has demonstrated no significant induction of IFN in BAL cells from asthma patients experimentally challenged with rhinovirus Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
HLADR is a component of the Major Histocompatibility Class MHC II complex involved in antigen presentation to CD T cells TCR recognition of peptide MHC class II complexes and superantigens whilst CD is classically associated with activation of the CD signalling pathway Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
HLADR is a component of the Major Histocompatibility Class MHC II complex involved in antigen presentation to CD T cells  whilst CD is classically associated with activation of the CD signalling pathway The B family revisitedViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
One further possibility is suggested by the fact that both CD and CD can induce signalling by the inhibitory CTLA receptor on T cells as well as activating the CD pathway Co inhibitory molecules of the B CD family in the control of T cell immunity therefore an inhibitory milieu may be propagated via the infected macrophageViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Additionally previous work has demonstrated a defect in both epithelial Role of deficient type III interferon lambda production in asthma exacerbations and bronchoalveolar lavage cell  production of type I and type III IFNs in asthma in response to viral infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
IL producing response  and more recent work has demonstrated no significant induction of IFN in BAL cells from asthma patients experimentally challenged with rhinovirus Rhinovirus induced lower respiratory illness is increased in asthma and related to virus load and Th  cytokine and IL  productionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Additionally previous work has demonstrated a defect in both epithelial Asthmatic bronchial epithelial cells have a deficient innate immune response to infection with rhinovirus and bronchoalveolar lavage cell  production of type I and type III IFNs in asthma in response to viral infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Subsequent studies have suggested that it is the cytokines released by lymphocytes such as IFN and IL that mediate the suppressive effects of virus Inhibition of pulmonary antibacterial defense by interferon gamma during recovery from influenza infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Further work will be required to fully assess this possibilityIn conclusion PDL expression is a primary response of monocytesmacrophages to viral infection whether that be in the liver  the blood B H is up regulated in HIV infection and is a novel surrogate marker of disease progression or the lung Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Moreover the role of IFNs in upregulating PDL is not confined to monocytesmacrophages as IFN and IFN have both been shown to increase expression of PDL in hepatocytes PD L is induced in hepatocytes by viral infection and by interferon alpha and gamma and mediates T cell apoptosisViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
The question remains as to why this host response mechanism in response to virus has developed and what its functional significance is Perhaps it is a means by which antiviral responses can be restrained before the resulting inflammation can cause too much tissue damage as has been suggested in the liver Intrahepatic PD  PD L up regulation closely correlates with inflammation and virus replication in patients with chronic HBV infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Or as has been suggested for HIV this mechanism has been subverted by the virus to prevent viral clearance Manipulation of costimulatory molecules by intracellular pathogens veni vidi vici Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Subsequent studies have suggested that it is the cytokines released by lymphocytes such as IFN and IL that mediate the suppressive effects of virus Differential effect of prior influenza infection on alveolar macrophage phagocytosis of Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli involvement of interferon gamma productionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Influenza infection of the airway is known to affect the macrophage functions of phagocytosis and bacterial killing Effect of influenza viral infection on the ingestion and killing of bacteria by alveolar macrophages but the question as to whether this was mediated by exogenous factors or by infection of the macrophages themselves has remained openViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Subsequent studies have suggested that it is the cytokines released by lymphocytes such as IFN and IL that mediate the suppressive effects of virus IL  is an important mediator of the enhanced susceptibility to pneumococcal pneumonia after influenza infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Early studies demonstrated that virusinduced suppression of antibacterial defences was mediated by lymphocytes Immune impairment of alveolar macrophage phagocytosis during influenza virus pneumoniaViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Although the influenza virus primarily infects the respiratory epithelium this virus can also infect and replicate in human alveolar macrophages Innate immune response of human alveolar macrophages during influenza A infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Role of virusinduced IFN in PDL expressionSince type I IFN expression was observed in response to influenza infection and previous studies have suggested that these cytokines could induce PDL expression PDL  upregulation on monocytes and T cells by HIV via type I interferon restricted expression of type I interferon receptor by CCR expressing leukocytes we investigated whether rhIFN could induce PDL gene expression in our MDM model FigViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
MDM respond to influenza infection similarly to lung macrophagesAs the number of macrophages that could be isolated from tissue explants was a potential limiting factor in our study we generated MDM as previously described Phenotypic characterization of lung macrophages in asthmatic patients Overexpression of CCL to model lung macrophages and assessed whether MDM responded similarly to tissuederived cellsViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Therefore we used a validated ex vivo human lung model of influenza infection Validation Of AntiHost Cell Influenza Targets Using A Novel Human Lung Tissue Model where we have demonstrated infection of resected lung tissue using immunohistochemistry and flow cytometry by the expression of viral nucleoprotein NP Viral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
This work demonstrated an additional role for MHC class II expressing cells and T helper cell responses Preexisting influenzaspecific CD T cells correlate with disease protection against influenza challenge in humans highlighting the potential importance of macrophageT cell interactions in the control of influenza infectionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
However it was only recently that a role for this PDPDL pathway has been elucidated in the control of immune function in acute infections and increased PDL expression in response to pathogens was demonstrated to be crucial for impairment of CD cytotoxicity  and the development of regulatory T cells The PDL PD axis converts human TH cells into regulatory T cellsViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
The increased expression and activation of the PDPDL axis in chronic viral infections such as HIV and Hepatitis C HCV can lead to progressive loss of T cell function PD  expression on HIV specific T cells is associated with T cell exhaustion and disease progressionViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
In the standard model of T cell receptor TCR activation activation of CD provides a necessary costimulation to prevent T cell anergy Costimulation of T lymphocytes the role of CD CTLA  and B BB in interleukin  production and immunotherapyViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Macrophages are not only a key line of defence in the respiratory tract responsible for phagocytosis and clearance of infectious organisms but are also orchestrators of the adaptive immune response through presentation of antigen and by the cytokines they release Pulmonary defence mechanismsViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
Macrophages are not only a key line of defence in the respiratory tract responsible for phagocytosis and clearance of infectious organisms but are also orchestrators of the adaptive immune response through presentation of antigen and by the cytokines they release Macrophages and polymorphonuclear neutrophils in lung defense and injuryViral infection of human lung macrophages increases pdl expression via ifn
CDT encourages the use of naturalistic idioms and allows the training talker to adapt their speaking style to perceptual difficulties  Acoustic phonetic characteristics of speech produced with communicative intent to counter adverse listening conditions and Baker Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
This method is based on techniques designed to share some of the features of CDT  Effectiveness of computer based auditory training in improving the perception of noise vocoded speech and Summerfield Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
Connected discourse tracking CDT DeFilippo and Scott  has been reported as effective in training normal hearing listeners to adapt over several hours to speech that is vocoded and spectrally shifted Rosen et al Perceptual adaptation by normally hearing listeners to a simulated hole in hearing and Faulkner Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
The speech processing is similar to that used in two previous studies Stacey and Summerfield  and simulates an eightchannel cochlear implant with upward frequency shifting representing the relatively shallow electrode insertions that are found in many CI recipients  In vivo measures of cochlear length and insertion depth of nucleus cochlear implant electrode arrays et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
The eight analysis filters spanned  Hz and were spaced at equal basilar membrane distances according to A cochlear frequency position function for several species  years laters  cochlear position mapComparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
Listeners can adapt rapidly to low spectral resolution vocoded speech eg Lexical information drives perceptual learning of distorted speech Evidence from the comprehension of noise vocoded sentences et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
When vocoded speech is spectrally shifted upward to simulate relatively shallow CI electrode insertions shifts in excess of  mm of basilar membrane distance have large acute effects on speech perception  Dorman et al Speech recognition with altered spectral distribution of envelope cues et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
These comprised IEEE sentences IEEE  BKB sentences  The BKB Bamford Kowal Bench sentence lists for partially hearing children et al  IHR sentences  MacLeod and Summerfield  and  vowels ae e I   A i  O u in bVd words with five tokens of each vowel per talkerComparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
These effects can be markedly reduced with training but this requires several hours substantially longer than for vocoding alone  Fu and Galvin Effect of training rate on recognition of spectrally shifted speech et al Rosen et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
These effects can be markedly reduced with training but this requires several hours substantially longer than for vocoding alone  The effects of short term training for spectrally mismatched noise band speech and Galvin Nogaki et al Rosen et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
For example Comparison of word sentence and phoneme based training strategies in improving the perception of spectrally distorted speech and Summerfield  found that  h of sentence training using a similar shifted noisevocoder led to improved sentence recognition but not to improved identification of vowels or of consonantsComparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
When vocoded speech is spectrally shifted upward to simulate relatively shallow CI electrode insertions shifts in excess of  mm of basilar membrane distance have large acute effects on speech perception  Simulating the effect of cochlear implant electrode insertion depth on speech understanding et al Shannon et al Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
Cochlear implant listeners show comparable adaptation to changes of frequency mapping Adaptation by a cochlear implant patient to upward shifts in the frequency representation of speech and Ketten Fu et al  and several studies indicate that explicit speechbased training can facilitate this  Fu and Galvin Comparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
These comprised IEEE sentences IEEE  BKB sentences  Bench et al  IHR sentences  A procedure for measuring auditory and audio visual speechreception thresholds for sentences in noise Rationale evaluation and recommendations for use  and  vowels ae e I   A i  O u in bVd words with five tokens of each vowel per talkerComparing live to recorded speech in training the perception of spectrally shifted noisevocoded speech
Furthermore studies of occupational outcomes in Britain have examined familytype effects surprisingly rarely given the prominence of family disruption in numerous educational attainment studies often using longitudinal data Lone motherhood employment and outcomes for children Bhrolchin et al Ely et al Ermisch and Francesconi Ermisch et al Scott Lampard bCusworth Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Beller  noted the scarcity internationally of research on social mobility variations according to family type although see Family Structure Educational Attainment and Socio economic Success Rethinking the Pathology of Matriarchy and Raftery  more specifically she noted an absence of attempts within mobility analyses to integrate both parents plus family type into conceptualizations of family of origin Beller Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
While often included as a control this is rarely a focus of UK studies Family Composition and Children s Educational Outcomes  Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Goldthorpe and Mills Kuha and Goldthorpe  still tend to focus on fathers occupation or the dominant parental occupation Erikson  however internationally authors examining occupational outcomes have highlighted the desirability of taking into account both parents characteristics Lampard aSchoon Bringing Intergenerational Social Mobility Research into the Twenty first Century Why Mothers Matter Marks Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Furthermore studies of occupational outcomes in Britain have examined familytype effects surprisingly rarely given the prominence of family disruption in numerous educational attainment studies often using longitudinal data Kiernan Kiernan  Kiernan  N Bhrolchin et al Teenage family life life chances lifestyles and health a comparison of two contemporary cohorts et al Ermisch and Francesconi Ermisch et al Scott Lampard bCusworth Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Furthermore studies of occupational outcomes in Britain have examined familytype effects surprisingly rarely given the prominence of family disruption in numerous educational attainment studies often using longitudinal data Kiernan Kiernan  Kiernan  N Bhrolchin et al Ely et al Ermisch and Francesconi Parental partnership and joblessness in childhood and their influence on young people s outcomes  et al Scott Lampard bCusworth Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Goldthorpe and Mills Kuha and Goldthorpe  still tend to focus on fathers occupation or the dominant parental occupation Social class of men women and families  however internationally authors examining occupational outcomes have highlighted the desirability of taking into account both parents characteristics Lampard aSchoon Beller Marks Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
The Influence of Family Structure on Social Mobility Patterns Conceptual and Measurement Issues Paper presented at the ASA Annual Meeting  noted the scarcity internationally of research on social mobility variations according to family type although see Biblarz and Raftery  more specifically she noted an absence of attempts within mobility analyses to integrate both parents plus family type into conceptualizations of family of origin The Influence of Family Structure on Social Mobility Patterns Conceptual and Measurement Issues Paper presented at the ASA Annual Meeting Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Her findings echo van Eijck and de Graaf   who suggest that only children constitute the sole exception to a generally negative effect of increasing family size in Western societiesThis may be stronger for boys and in lonemother families although the evidence is mixed see Dronkers Downey Iacovou Gayle et al Do Large Sibships Really Lead to Lower Educational Attainment  Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Trends in Intergenerational Class Mobility in Modern Britain Evidence from National Surveys and Mills   still tend to focus on fathers occupation or the dominant parental occupation Erikson  however internationally authors examining occupational outcomes have highlighted the desirability of taking into account both parents characteristics Lampard aSchoon Beller Marks Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
Schoon   views them as indicators of family social position citing the view that they can act as indicators of socioeconomic resources and cultural characteristics Social position from narrative data Parental Characteristics Family Structure and Occupational Attainment in Britain
We therefore conducted goalong interviews eg  Anderson  Bergeron et al  The walking interview Methodology mobility and place and Jones   with two informants from neighboring communitiesComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Precipitation increases from August towards the October to April core wet season and is close to nil during June and July eg Kaser and Osmaston Climate Change and Tropical Andean Glacier Recession Evaluating Hydrologic Changes and Livelihood Vulnerability in the Cordillera Blanca et al Schauwecker et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
We understand this type of human knowledge as a subject of continuous iteration between individual and collective perceptions practices and beliefs modified by specific sociopolitical and discursive dynamics Boillat and Berkes Orlove and Caton Orlove et al The landscape technology of spate irrigation amid development changes Assembling the links to resources livelihoods and agrobiodiversity food in the Bolivian Andes Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
A region of specific interest is the Callejn de Huaylas the valley drained by the Ro Santa in Peru where water availability is determined by particular climate and topographical settings eg The impact of glaciers on the runoff and the reconstruction of mass balance history from hydrological data in the tropical Cordillera Blanca Per  et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
While the highest glacier cover of up to   is found in the northern Cordillera Blanca valleys rivers draining the western Cordillera Negra are lacking in glacier contribution eg Kaser et al Glacier contribution definitely has a considerable effect on the runoff of the Ro Santa during the dry season Toward hydro social modeling Merging human variables and the social sciences with climateglacier runoff models et al  and even more so on the tributaries draining the Cordillera BlancaComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Precipitation increases from August towards the October to April core wet season and is close to nil during June and July eg Kaser and Osmaston Mark et al Climate trends and glacier retreat in the Cordillera Blanca et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Dry season runoff and thus water supply is comprised of up to two thirds glacial melt water from the Cordillera Blanca eg Glacier recession and water resources in Peru s Cordillera Blanca et al Kaser et al Seltzer  Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
The increasing knowledge of humancaused climate warming and resulting impacts has attracted much attention in the region up to now Baraer et al Carey Carey et al Chevallier et al Juen et al Mark et al Climate change and tropical Andean glaciers Past present and future et al  and among other interests our interdisciplinary research team also focuses on this issueYet by gradually deciphering natural components of water availability societal practices of water use and emerging trends of water conflicts we have identified important nonglacial aspects of the question of water supply in our study regionComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Criterion a follows data presented in Table  in Potential impacts of early twenty first century changes in temperature and precipitation on rainfed annual crops in the Central Andes of Peru et alComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
b nor any other trend the high interannual variability of  the timing of the onset of the agricultural year as determined by the first pronounced precipitation event and  dry spells during the wet season especially during the very sensible early phase of plant growing kept rainfed farming constantly challenging and likely favored perceptions of water scarcity  Water Scarcity in the Andes A Comparison of Local Perceptions and Observed Climate et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Introduction considering different perspectives on a complex problemScientific evidence of climate warming and of projected resulting impacts can provide the basis for a responsible and efficient adaptation strategy if implemented in a timely and careful fashion but can also be misused to legitimize particular interests  Arnall et al Dietz Regionality of monsoon onset in South America A three stage conceptual model Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
It also takes account of potential complications caused by the different approaches of scientific groups in an interdisciplinary setting and by bringing together epistemologies represented by Western scientific knowledge with peasants local knowledge eg Boelens Escobar Unexpected climate impacts on the Tibetan Plateau Local and scientific knowledge in findings of delayed summer et al Lennox and Gowdy Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
While the physical aspects of climate change are though complex of relatively straightforward nature societal processes in reaction to them are contingent upon and characterized by the different interests positions and vulnerabilities of affected groups  Postigo et al Sietz Soil erosion and labor shortages in the Andes with special reference to Bolivia   Implications for Conservation With Development Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
While the physical aspects of climate change are though complex of relatively straightforward nature societal processes in reaction to them are contingent upon and characterized by the different interests positions and vulnerabilities of affected groups  Change and Continuity in a Pastoralist Community in the High Peruvian Andes et al Sietz Zimmerer Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Gurgiser et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation recordsriver water for agriculture and other needs Comment on respondent driven sampling and snowball samping in hard to reach populations and snowball sampling not in hard to reach populations Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
The steadiness of these characteristics determines the success or failure of sowing growing and harvesting  Ambrosino et al Kniveton et al Evaluation of first planting dates recommended by criteria currently used in Zimbabwe et al Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
 in order to guarantee diversified production for each family Typical patterns of smallholder vulnerability to weather extremes with regard to food security in the Peruvian Altiplano et al Vos Zimmerer Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
Thresholds are as a consequence different from those one would obtain when following climatologicalstatistical criteria such as in Onset and End of the Rainy Season in the Brasilian Amazon Basin et alComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
 in order to guarantee diversified production for each family Sietz et al Riego campesino en los Andes Seguridad h drica y seguridad alimentaria en Ecuador Zimmerer Comparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
They feel most challenged by changing precipitation variability as well as increased heavy rainfall frequency that leads to soil erosionClimate change is mainly seen in view of environmental justice Defining environmental justice  with causes in both the industrialization in the First World on a global and air pollution from mining as well as air and car traffic on the regional scaleComparing peasants perceptions of precipitation change with precipitation records in the tropical Callejon de Huaylas Peru
The steep increase in incidence of continuous deep sedation may be based more on physician than on patient preferences  The practice of continuous deep sedation until death in Flanders Belgium the Netherlands and the U K A comparative study et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
To date worldwide this is the only professional PC organisation to have done so Federatie Palliatieve Zorg Vlaanderen Assisted dying the current situation in Flanders Euthanasia embedded in palliative care Berghe et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
This was not at all so in Belgium An initial major motive for the introduction of palliative care was also to promote the acceptability of euthanasia The information and communication covenant between physician and patient orthothanasia and euthanasia A cognitive guideline for legal and ethical deadlocks  Distelmans Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Similarly illegal clandestine endoflife practices performed without peer control as documented in Belgium before the euthanasia law and elsewhere  End of life decisions in Australian medical practice et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
To date worldwide this is the only professional PC organisation to have done so Dealing with euthanasia and other forms of medically assisted dying Vanden Berghe et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
National survey of medical decisions at end of life made by New Zealand general practitioners and Owens  can be considered more worrying than even imperfectly regulated legal euthanasiaQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The palliative care budget has continued to rise annually by  percent and Belgian palliative care according to European Association for Palliative Care EAPC indicators  Palliative care development in countries with a Euthanasia law et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Materstvedt Pereira First do no harm Pressing concerns regarding euthanasia in Belgium  and others aimed to refute the conclusions on fundamental ideological grounds Jaspers MllerBusch and Nauck Kettler and Nauck Johnstone Materstvedt Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
This was not at all so in Belgium An initial major motive for the introduction of palliative care was also to promote the acceptability of euthanasia Bernheim Bernheim  Dying with dignity Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
No substantial evidence of socalled practical slippery slope van der Burg  phenomena has been found  Development of palliative care and legalisation of euthanasia Antagonism or synergy  et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Materstvedt Legalizing euthanasia or assisted suicide The illusion of safeguards and controls CohenAlmagor  and others aimed to refute the conclusions on fundamental ideological grounds Jaspers MllerBusch and Nauck Kettler and Nauck Johnstone Materstvedt Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Tielt Lannoo de Zulueta P  Compassion in healthcare had previously debated author JB and written a book opposing euthanasia Tielt Lannoo de Zulueta P  Compassion in healthcare Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The very same imperfections that Lewis and Black detect are enlarged and misinterpreted by Assisted suicide and euthanasia should not be practiced in palliative care units  and CohenAlmagor  to represent ominous slippery slope effectsQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
In Flanders in  slightly more than half the estimated total number of euthanasia cases as according to the technical definition of the death certificate studies were reported  Reporting of euthanasia in medical practice in Flanders Belgium Cross sectional analysis of reported and unreported cases et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Palliative care and other physicians will most likely find it increasingly difficult to let their patients down by offering only palliative sedation Continuous sedation at the end of life Ethical clinical and legal perspectives Raus and Mortier  or sending them on to travel to Switzerland or BelgiumQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some patients express wishes of abbreviation of suffering at the end of their life but when the time comes they do not want to be informed of the imminence of their death Bernheim Bernheim  Preferred and actual involvement of advanced lung cancer patients and their families in end of life decision making A multicenter study in  hospitals in Flanders et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Materstvedt Pereira CohenAlmagor  and others aimed to refute the conclusions on fundamental ideological grounds Integral palliative care a contradiction in terms  MllerBusch and Nauck Kettler and Nauck Johnstone Materstvedt Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Materstvedt Pereira CohenAlmagor  and others aimed to refute the conclusions on fundamental ideological grounds Jaspers MllerBusch and Nauck Palliative care and involvement of anaesthesiology Current discussions and Nauck Johnstone Materstvedt Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The relationship between euthanasia and spiritual or existential caregiving to the patient has been examined in a study involving the last three months of life of patients of a representative panel of Belgian general practitioners Euthanasia and other end of life decisions and care provided in final three months of life Nationwide retrospective study in Belgium et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
These shared values are best encapsulated by the notion of the centrality of the patient and compassion with due regard for the classic medical ethics values of autonomy beneficence nonmaleficence and justice Hurst and Mauron Death s dominion Ethics at the end of life Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
In both the Frenchspeaking Belgium Forum EOL End of Life and the Netherlands SCEN Steun en Consultatie voor Euthanasie Nederland doctors are available for this service Establishing specialized health services for professional consultation in euthanasia Experiences in the Netherlands and Belgium et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Applying Anamnestic Comparative Self Assessment ACSA a method to let respondents construct a personal scale of subjective wellbeing How have you been Subjective quality of life QOL as an individual experiential emergent construct bTheuns Hofmans as an instrument of spiritual care Desmet asks his patient what was the happiest time in her lifeQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some patients express wishes of abbreviation of suffering at the end of their life but when the time comes they do not want to be informed of the imminence of their death The doctor s dilemma between patient autonomy and physician beneficence at the end of life II A physician patient information and communication covenant ICC as a procedural ethical solution The doctor s dilemma between patient autonomy and physician beneficence at the end of life II A physician patient information and communication covenant ICC as a procedural ethical solution  Pardon et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Question Four Why Is There  Times More Euthanasia Than PhysicianAssisted SuicideMA About  percent of Belgians and Dutch die with euthanasia where the physician administers the lethal drugs and less than  percent by physicianassisted suicide where the patient ingests the drug provided by the physician  Medical end oflife practices under the euthanasia law in Belgium et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The conventional palliative care movement opposes medical futility and so does the euthanasia movement Medical futility and end of life issues in Belgium Vansweevelt and Annemans  which in addition opposes palliative futility the continuance of palliative care against the wishes of the patient see Table Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Materstvedt Pereira CohenAlmagor  and others aimed to refute the conclusions on fundamental ideological grounds Jaspers MllerBusch and Nauck Kettler and Nauck Organization position statements and the stance of studied neutrality on euthanasia in palliative care Materstvedt Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
An original study  which was more recently updated  The Belgian model of comprehensive end of life care Palliative care and euthanasia as complementing non conflicting developments I Historical epidemiological and regulatory data et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
 became somewhat less problematic when in February  the Belgian parliament enacted an extension of the euthanasia law to capable adolescents Moniteur Loi modifiant la loi du  mai  relative l euthanasie en vue d tendre l euthanasie aux mineurs Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
In countries where euthanasia is legal permissive countries religious physicians are much more favourable towards euthanasia than in countries where it is not and nonbelievers in the latter countries tend to report higher levels of opposition  Physicians attitudes towards end of life decisions A comparison between seven countries et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
A reasonable hypothesis is that actual practices are not so different and that these are countries where the culture is more conducive to using the doctrine of double effect Doctrine of double effect The Stanford encyclopedia of philosophyQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The estimated abbreviation of survival is very short relatives are usually consulted and the drugs used are the same as for palliative sedation namely opioids which have no or minimal lifeending potential  LpezSaca Guzmn and Centeno Physician reports of medication use with explicit intention of hastening the end of life in the absence of explicit patient request in general practice in Belgium et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
However though  percent of Dutch general practitioners prefer assisted suicide only  percent offer the two options to the patients requesting assisted dying  Euthanasia or physician assisted suicide A survey from the Netherlands et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
As the only palliative care organisation in the world to have done so the Palliative Care Federation of Flanders FPCFl is an innovating outlier a heretic according to some Jaspers MullerBusch and Nuack Palliative care ethics The problems of combining palliation and assisted dying Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Some took issue with the data and pragmatic considerations arguing that the legal safeguards against abuse are insufficiently enforced Inappropriate conclusions in research on assisted dying Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
This said the translation of scientific evidence into health policy is a complex process that is subject to inertia and cultural impediments Political and institutional influences on the use of evidence in public health policy A systematic review Hawkins and Parkhurst Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The Adherence to the request criterion in jurisdictions where assisted dying is lawful A review of the criteria and evidence in the Netherlands and Black  article exhaustively reviews all extant data in permissive countries on reported cases of granted and refused assisted dyingQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
This experience is confirmed by a Dutch qualitative study of the psychological and philosophical aspects of euthanasia requests Death by request in The Netherlands Facts the legal context and effects on physicians patients and families Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Many Catholic intellectuals eg Nebuchadnezzar s dream or the end of a medieval Catholic Church  and health care workers as well as much of the general public hold individual autonomy and responsibility in the highest esteemQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
It is probable that this Catholic modernity is connected with the enthusiasm for the concept of personalism as proposed by Catholic thinkers such as Le personnalisme Que sais je   Ladrire  Janssens  Dondeyne  and Schillebeeckx  at the Dutchand Frenchlanguage Catholic universities of LeuvenLouvain who together have trained about half of Belgian physiciansQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The philosopher Athe stische religiositeits atheistic religiosity was seminal in this respect Athe stische religiositeit Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Similar to the concept of socalled Gillick competence Gillick or Fraser A plea for consistency over competence in children  in the English common law where the cutoff is  years for children under  their parents are entrusted with decisions but requests of euthanasia by adolescents who are judged to be capable of making their own decisions can be honoured in the Netherlands since Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Applying Anamnestic Comparative Self Assessment ACSA a method to let respondents construct a personal scale of subjective wellbeing Bernheim bAnamnestic comparative self assessment ACSA  Hofmans as an instrument of spiritual care Desmet asks his patient what was the happiest time in her lifeQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
This is in line with Dutch epidemiological data  Effects of euthanasia on the bereaved family and friends A cross sectional study et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Also because too many cases were not reported to the Control and Evaluation Commission It was concluded that there is more need for more continued education of Belgian physicians  The labelling and reporting of euthanasia by Belgian physicians A study of hypothetical cases et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
It is probable that this Catholic modernity is connected with the enthusiasm for the concept of personalism as proposed by Catholic thinkers such as Mounier  Ladrire  Janssens  Dondeyne  and Gerechtigheid en liefde Genade en bevrijding  at the Dutchand Frenchlanguage Catholic universities of LeuvenLouvain who together have trained about half of Belgian physiciansQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Perhaps the preference of some patients to be passive is underestimated Bernheim Preferences of advanced lung cancer patients for patient centred information and decision making A prospective multicentre study in  hospitals in Belgium et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Why were the first palliative care initiatives taken by proponents of legal euthanasia and what motivated some pioneers of PC to adopt what they labelled integral palliative care PC including legal euthanasiaIn the United Kingdom palliative care was introduced with one of its stated aims being to prevent euthanasia Care of the dying  The problem of euthanasia Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
ReportingIn the Netherlands the estimated percentage of euthanasia cases that are duly reported as legally required since  increased from  percent in  to  percent in   percent in  and  percent in   The reporting rate of euthanasia and physician assisted suicide A study of the trends et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
slightly more than in the Netherlands Granted undecided withdrawn and refused requests for euthanasia and physician assisted suicideQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Dawson King George Vs personal physician seems to have had no qualms recording that in the face of respiratory failure and in the interest of his patients dignity he had nudged him over the edge with opiates A king a doctor and a convenient death Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Such a basic or firstline model has recently been advocated in the United States  Generalist plus specialist palliative care creating a more sustainable model and Abernethy Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
MinorsThe illegality of lifeending of minors an empirical reality  Medical end of life decisions in neonates and infants in Flanders et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
In the Netherlands it was found that patients who were denied euthanasia did not forsake their wish to die but often subsequently remained silent about it  What happens after a request for euthanasia is refused Qualitative interviews with patients relatives and physicians et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Dutch qualitative research has shown that some people who considered their life completed and requested euthanasia did not themselves call their suffering unbearable eg they could still read a book or watch television yet did not want to go on living in their condition  Concept of unbearable suffering in context of ungranted requests for euthanasia Qualitative interviews with patients and physicians et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
It is probable that this Catholic modernity is connected with the enthusiasm for the concept of personalism as proposed by Catholic thinkers such as Mounier  Ladrire  Personalisme en democratisering Brussel Arbeiderspers  Dondeyne  and Schillebeeckx  at the Dutchand Frenchlanguage Catholic universities of LeuvenLouvain who together have trained about half of Belgian physiciansQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Parental Termination of LifeIt is difficult to conceive of assistance to die or indeed conventional palliative care unless patients are informed of the imminence of their death Bernheim Truth telling at the end of life A pilot study on the perspective of patients and professional caregivers et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
A number of later PC workers tended to be proponents of palliative care only who opposed euthanasia eg Zuster Lontine Desmet The relationship between palliative care PC and legalized euthanasia in Belgium and Van den Eynden  and singleissue euthanasia campaigners also emerged across the communityQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
FIGO now states neither society nor members of the health care team responsible for counseling women have the right to impose their religious or cultural convictions regarding abortion on those whose attitudes are different FIGO   and concludes that the Committee recommend s that after appropriate counselling a woman has the right to have access to medical or surgical induced abortion and that the health care service has an obligation to provide such services as safely as possible FIGO  Updated WHO guidance on safe abortion Health and human rights et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The distinction between the intention of lifeending and compassionate intensification of symptom treatment is often blurred Managing intentions The end of life administration of analgesics and sedatives and the possibility of slow euthanasia Kerridge and Ankeny Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
It is probable that this Catholic modernity is connected with the enthusiasm for the concept of personalism as proposed by Catholic thinkers such as Mounier  Ladrire  Janssens  Miscellanea Albert Dondeyne Godsdienstfilosofie philosophie de la religion  and Schillebeeckx  at the Dutchand Frenchlanguage Catholic universities of LeuvenLouvain who together have trained about half of Belgian physiciansQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The law provides a reassuring procedural framework that helps with observing the ethical requirements to respect patient autonomy to act beneficently and to do no harm The euthanasia law in Belgium and the Netherlands and van der Wal De Keyser Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The objective measurement of suffering is still in its infancy  and no one is in a position to call someone elses suffering bearable or not Unbearable suffering of patients with a request for euthanasia or physician assisted suicide An integrative review et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Whether advance directives of nontreatment or termination of life can apply also for dementia is hotly debated Advance directives in dementia issues of validity and effectiveness et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The value of specific training for the quality of second physician consultation was recently documented Nationwide survey to evaluate the decision making process in euthanasia requests in Belgium Do specifically trained nd physicians improve quality of consultation  at alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
There seem to be cultural differences with Flanders including more aversion to outside interference in the doctorpatient relationship  Differences in performance of euthanasia and continuous deep sedation by French and Dutch speaking physicians in Brussels et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Question Seven Why Did Synergy Between Palliative Care and Euthanasia First Emerge in BelgiumMA Why have the development of palliative care and the drive for legal euthanasia been synergistic only in Belgium How did Belgian exceptionalism come to be That Belgium is one of the countries with the most developed palliative care systems  Facts and indicators on palliative care development in  countries of the WHO European region Results of an EAPC Task Force et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
 in Belgium practicing religious palliative care physicians are more critical of euthanasia than others  Palliative care physicians religious world view and attitude towards euthanasia A quantitative study among Flemish palliative care physicians et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
JB an atheist feels drained after euthanasia but relieved and satisfied to have served autonomy and quality of life which in the framework of his progressive evolutionary worldview The cognitive revolution and st century enlightenment Towards a contemporary evolutionary progressive worldview In Science technology and social science Einstein meets Magritte An interdisciplinary reflection on science nature art human action and society aHeylighen and The cognitive revolution and st century enlightenment Towards a contemporary evolutionary progressive worldview In Science technology and social science Einstein meets Magritte An interdisciplinary reflection on science nature art human action and society a b has a transcendental meaningfulnessQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Belgium is also the first country where under strict conditions patients with irreversible catastrophic neurological conditions whose request of euthanasia has been granted can can give added meaning to their life and death by directing to donate their intact organs for multiple transplantations according to Eurotransplant guidelines Eurotransplant Organ procurement after euthanasia Belgian experience et alQuestions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The composition of the Belgian parliament gave rise to a unique opportunity in  when a governing leftofcentre coalition of liberals social democrats and greens left the Christian democrats out of the governing coalition for the first time in five decades Euthanasia and law in Europe Weyers and Adams Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Perhaps surprisingly in a survey of British students there was a significant positive correlation between religious belief and a positive attitude towards euthanasia a finding suggesting a cultural shift to Attitudes toward euthanasia and physician assisted suicide A study of the multivariate effects of healthcare training patient characteristics religion and locus of control and HulbertWilliams Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Notorious controversial euthanasia cases granted after many months of scrutiny and deliberation by the ULteam on grounds of irreversible mental suffering were those of congenitally deaf twin brothers who were also going blind Siebold  and a man named Nathan Verhelst following several failed sexreassignment surgeries Nathan Verhelst chooses euthanasia after failed gender reassignment surgeries The Huffington Post Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
The predominance of patient interests over physician views is of itself an important ethical stance Palliative care The rhetoric reality gap In Willing to listen wanting to die Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Thus the suffering caused by the intolerable prospect of future loss of higher cognitive capacity can bring people whose life could still have been enjoyable for quite some time to opt for a premature death Hugo Claus one of Belgium s most renowned authors dies at  The New York Times Davis Questions and Answers on the Belgian Model of Integral EndofLife Care Experiment Prototype
Finally a paper by A new spin foam model for d gravity suggested that the EPR model corresponds to a topological theory related to gravity and proposed a generalization thereof corresponding to gravity itself the FK modelEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
So far two test problems involving observables have been proposed semiclassical wave packet propagation  and evaluation of the graviton point function Numerical evidence of regularized correlations in spin foam gravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
More recently we have seen significant progress toward extraction of their semiclassical behavior and its favorable comparison to the expected weak field limit of gravity starting with Graviton propagator from background independent quantum gravity and collaborators calculation of the graviton propagator Graviton propagator from background independent quantum gravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Unfortunately further calculations have revealed that the standard spin foam model due to Barrett and Crane produced incorrect results for some of the propagator matrix elements Complete LQG propagator Difficulties with the Barrett Crane vertexEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
They were first defined a decade ago Relativistic spin networks and quantum gravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The evaluation of this vertex amplitude is discussed in several papers An efficient algorithm for the Riemannian j symbols Classical and Quantum Gravity where variations on the face and edge amplitudes have also been consideredRecently shortcomings of the BC model have been identified by several authorsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
This convention is used throughout the rest of the paperThe overall spin network conventions and normalizations used in this paper are those of Lieb recoupling theory and invariants of  manifoldsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The evaluation of this vertex amplitude is discussed in several papers q deformed spin foam models of quantum gravity where variations on the face and edge amplitudes have also been consideredRecently shortcomings of the BC model have been identified by several authorsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The overall spin network conventions and normalizations used in this paper are those of The classical and quantum j symbolsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
See  and the Appendix of Dual computations of non abelian Yang Mills on the lattice for full detailsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
More recently we have seen significant progress toward extraction of their semiclassical behavior and its favorable comparison to the expected weak field limit of gravity starting with Particle scattering in loop quantum gravity and collaborators calculation of the graviton propagator Particle scattering in loop quantum gravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The first proposal by Flipped spinfoam vertex and loop gravity Pereira and Rovelli EPR Flipped spinfoam vertex and loop gravity aimed also to identify the spin foam boundary state space with that of loop quantum gravity spin networks this model is also referred to as the flipped vertex modelEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The first proposal by The loop quantum gravity vertex amplitude Pereira and Rovelli EPR The loop quantum gravity vertex amplitude aimed also to identify the spin foam boundary state space with that of loop quantum gravity spin networks this model is also referred to as the flipped vertex modelEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Finally a paper by Path integral representation of spin foam models of d gravity suggested that the EPR model corresponds to a topological theory related to gravity and proposed a generalization thereof corresponding to gravity itself the FK modelEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
So far two test problems involving observables have been proposed semiclassical wave packet propagation  and evaluation of the graviton point function Graviton propagator in loop quantum gravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The connection between spin foams and gravity is motivated by results from loop quantum gravity Quantum GravityEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
On the other hand using recurrence relations Exact recursive evaluation of j and j coefficients for quantum mechanical coupling of angular momenta or hashing techniques the number of operations can be reduced to O f  Finally the outer m  sums in  also span ranges of size OjEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Intertwiners dynamics in the flipped vertex Bianchi Magliaro and Perini have used one variation to extend the original wave packet propagation calculations of  both to larger input spins and to different kinds of observables although still keeping the jspins frozenEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
The dominant asymptotic Dj understood to be due to the contribution of degenerate geometries masks the desired Regge action amplitude Asymptotics of j and j symbolsEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Spin foam models aim to reproduce gravity by heuristically imposing simplicity constraints on BF theory after the discretization and quantization steps have been performed An introduction to spin foam models of quantum gravity and BF theoryEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Moreover for BF theory quantization and discretization commute  dimensional BF theory as a topological quantum field theory Letters in MathematicalEvaluation of new spin foam vertex amplitudes
Considering the four earthworm papers together Kille P T Tr ra an ns sc cr ri ip pt to om me e p pr ro of fi il li in ng g o of f d de ev ve el lo op pm me en nt ta al l a an nd d x xe en no ob bi io ot ti ic c r re es sp po on ns se es s there seems to be a good basis for saying that the first benefit of transcription profiling specificity is realGenomics technology for assessing soil pollution
Considering the four earthworm papers together S Sy ys st te em ms s t to ox xi ic co ol lo og gy y a ap pp pr ro oa ac ch h i id de en nt ti if fi ie es s c co oo or rd di in na at te ed d m me et ta ab bo ol li ic c r re es sp po on ns se es s t there seems to be a good basis for saying that the first benefit of transcription profiling specificity is realGenomics technology for assessing soil pollution
Enhanced string covering suggested a related notion of enhanced covers which are additionally required to be borders of the wordPartial covers can be viewed as a relaxed variant of covers alternative to approximate covers Fast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
While there are lineartime algorithms for these problems A linear time algorithm for seeds computation they are all complex and rely on the combinatorial properties specific to the repetitive structures they seek forTheorem  Assume that the Cover Suffix Tree of a word of length n can be computed in T n timeFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
It could be constructed using the fact that all square factors of a word can be computed in linear time Linear time algorithms for finding and representing all the tandem repeats in a stringFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
Li and Smyth  provided a lineartime algorithm for computing the maximal cover array of a word and showed that analogous to the border array Algorithms on Strings it actually determines the structure of all the covers of every prefix of the wordFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
We use an approach similar to Finding maximal quasiperiodicities in strings who use the results of  originally devised for computation of maximal quasiperiodicitiesFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
CST w is similar to the data structure named Minimal Augmented Suffix Tree see Data structures and algorithms for the string statistics problemFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
As a tool a solution to the geometric problem of upper envelope Finding the upper envelope of n line segments in O n log n timeFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
To fill this gap the idea of quasiperiodicity was introduced Efficient detection of quasiperiodicities in stringsFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
a lineartime algorithm for computing all the covers of a word was proposed by An optimal algorithm to compute all the covers of a string and Smyth Fast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
Computing the cover array in linear time and Smyth  provided a lineartime algorithm for computing the maximal cover array of a word and showed that analogous to the border array  it actually determines the structure of all the covers of every prefix of the wordFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
Recall that the locus of a factor v of w given by its start and end position in w can be found in Olog log v time Cross document pattern matchingFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
While there are lineartime algorithms for these problems Finding maximal repetitions in a word in linear time they are all complex and rely on the combinatorial properties specific to the repetitive structures they seek forFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
The suffix tree T of w can be constructed in On log  time Optimal suffix tree construction with large alphabetsFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
The number of extra nodes is bounded by the number of distinct squares which is linear How many squares can a string contain  so CST w takes On spaceFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
The notion of periodicity in words and its many variants have been wellstudied in numerous fields like combinatorics on words pattern matching data compression automata theory formal language theory and molecular biology see Repetitions in strings algorithms and combinatoricsFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
We use an approach similar to Brodal and Pedersen  who use the results of A fast merging algorithm originally devised for computation of maximal quasiperiodicitiesFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
An on line string superprimitivity test gave an online lineartime algorithm computing the minimal cover array of a worda data structure specifying the shortest cover of every prefix of the wordFast Algorithm for Partial Covers in Words
Motivation Mixing closure in computational models of turbulent combustion is typically implemented by partially or fully intermixing pairs or groups of notional fluid parcels selected from a parcel population that discretely instantiates the joint probability distribution function PDF of the thermochemical variables that are time advanced by the model Computational Models for Turbulent Reacting FlowsHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency The multifractal nature of turbulent energy dissipation in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models  in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency Binary tree models of high Reynolds number turbulence in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models  in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency Synthetic turbulence in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models  in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency   dimensional turbulence  dimensional turbulence in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models  in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency Ultrametric structure of multiscale energy correlations in turbulent models in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models  in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Nontrivial extremal properties of multiparcel turbulent dispersion have been identified and analyzed Extreme events in the dispersions of two neighboring particles under the influence of fluid turbulenceHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Dimensionally D  l    l   where l denotes a representative parcelpair separation l   x   yielding the Richardson dispersion law l   t  Particles and fields in fluid turbulenceHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
In its original formulation One dimensional turbulence Model formulation and application to homogeneous turbulence shear flows and buoyant stratified flows the time scale governing map occurrences is defined locally in space and time in a manner much like the approach described hereHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
One such constraint that has proven effective is to intermix only parcel pairs that are close by some criterion in a metric space defined on the manifold of thermochemical states A mixing model for turbulent reactive flows based on Euclidean minimum spanning treesHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Effects of inertialrange phenomenology especially smallscale intermittency on turbulent reacting flows have been addressed in numerous modeling studies and opportunities for further progress have been noted Possible effects of small scale intermittency in turbulent reacting flowsHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
An analogous anomaly arises in ODT and is mitigated by any of several possible largeeddysuppression methods Mesh adaption for efficient multiscale implementation of one dimensional turbulence that are likewise applicable to HiPSHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
For example the thinning method Simulation Modeling and Analysis that is used to sample ODT map occurrences will likewise be advantageous for sampling swap occurrencesHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Effects of inertialrange phenomenology especially smallscale intermittency on turbulent reacting flows have been addressed in numerous modeling studies and opportunities for further progress have been noted Turbulence in combustion processes Modeling challengesHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
An analogous anomaly arises in ODT and is mitigated by any of several possible largeeddysuppression methods One dimensional turbulence Variable density formulation and application to mixing layers that are likewise applicable to HiPSHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
ODT was preceded the Linear Eddy Model LEM Linear eddy modeling of turbulent transport Part  Microstructure of diffusive scalar mixing fields in which mapping frequency is a specified function of map size much as  has a specified dependence on subtree level when the flow simulation is not used to determine  locallyHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency  in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models A model of turbulence in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Various approaches to modeling turbulence and turbulent mixing by coupling state variables defined on a set of spatial or equivalently wavenumber levels within a geometrical hierarchy have been developed Scale resolved intermittency in turbulenceHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
This heuristic description of the inertialrange cascade is supported by analysis and empirical data that has been discussed extensively eg in Turbulence The Legacy of A N KolmogorovHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
These two features are manifestations of a fundamental cascade property the socalled sweeping of the small scales by the large scales Turbulence large scale sweeping and the emergence of small scale Kolmogorov spectraHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
Tree geometry has been used for reduced modeling of turbulence intermittency  in some instances formulated as generalizations of the zerodimensional shell models Shell models of energy cascade in turbulence in which the scale space of turbulence is parameterized by wavenumber modulusHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
The earlier discussion of the scalar power spectrum showed that Ek  k    l so the Small scale variation of convected quantities like temperature in turbulent fluid Part  General discussion and the case of small conductivity scaling  Ek  k  is obtainedHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
In itself this is not qualitatively different from typical modelfree numerical implementation of fluxbased diffusion and in fact has been used as a numerical method for solving the diffusion equation Monte Carlo simulations of heat and mass transfer with chemical reactions of heterogeneous reacting systemsHierarchical ParcelSwapping Representation of Turbulent Mixing Part  Formulation and Scaling Properties
However for a case in vaccine oligosaccharides the smallest was evidenced as a trisaccharide  Identification of the smallest structure capable of evoking opsonophagocytic antibodies against Streptococcus pneumoniae Type  et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
However some rhamnogalacturonans made up of  monosaccharides whose NMR chemical shifts assignment was possible  Carbohydrate structural determination by NMR spectroscopy modern methods and limitations et al  were termed megaoligosaccharidesMolecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Structural characteristics rheological properties and absence of pathogenicity of exopolysaccharides from extremophiles make these compounds considerable for food pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries  Exopolysaccharides from extremophiles from fundamentals to biotechnology et al Satpute et al Finore et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Others stressed on the antiUV radiation potential of both alginatederived oligosaccharides and chitooligosaccharides and discussed the potential for development of UV radiation protector agent in the area of functional foods  Influence of marine oligosaccharides on the response of various biological systems to UV irradiation et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Structural characteristics rheological properties and absence of pathogenicity of exopolysaccharides from extremophiles make these compounds considerable for food pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries  Nicolaus et al Biosurfactants bioemulsifiers and exopolysaccharides from marine microorganisms et al Finore et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
The high biodiversity of the latter and how they can serve the biotechnological field has been recently pointed out Algal chemodiversity and bioactivity sources of natural variability and implications for commercial application et al Barra et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Scientific knowledge present in literature for each of these sources seems to differ from the wellknown seaweed Analysis of Glycans Polysaccharide Functional Properties  to relatively new sources of polysaccharides such as extremophiles and microalgae de Jesus Raposo et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
In an attempt to obtain low molecularweight derivatives from sulfated fucooligosaccharides results based on mild acid hydrolysis were also reported  Mild acid hydrolysis of sulfated fucans a selective  desulfation reaction and an alternative approach for preparing tailored sulfated oligosaccharides et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
In the current omic age the proposal of disseminating fucanomics and galactanomics related to interesting sulfated fucans and sulfated galactan of marine origin was advanced Fucanomics and galactanomics marine distribution medicinal impact conceptions and challenges  in accord to an expected increase of research in projects of such natureMolecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Natural quick action characterizing these biocatalysts is a very interesting feature for biocatalytic manipulation of these carbohydraterelated molecules Madokoro et al Kiriake et al  also in view of bioactivity expressed by the polymer and HA oligosaccharides  Mechanisms involved in enhancement of the expression and function of aggrecanases by hyaluronan oligosaccharides et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
In particular seaweed oligosaccharides were able to mediate to a series of actions such as i expression of genes for antifungal and antibacterial protein production ii activation of other defense enzymes and iii production of active natural products Weinberger et al Seaweed polysaccharides and derived oligosaccharides stimulate defense responses and protection against pathogens in plants et al  all converging toward enhanced protection against pathogensMolecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Intriguingly the results showed that these oligosaccharides exhibited different activities in various assays  In vitro antioxidative activities of three marine oligosaccharides et al  in relation to their structuresMolecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Natural quick action characterizing these biocatalysts is a very interesting feature for biocatalytic manipulation of these carbohydraterelated molecules Madokoro et al Enzymatic properties and primary structures of hyaluronidases from two species of lionfish Pterois antennata and Pterois volitans  et al  also in view of bioactivity expressed by the polymer and HA oligosaccharides  Ariyoshi et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Another interesting case of enzyme application is the efficient food grade extraction of algae Ecklonia cava to prepare antioxidant watersoluble extracts Protective effect of Ecklonia cava enzymatic extracts on hydrogen peroxide induced cell damage et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
In particular seaweed oligosaccharides were able to mediate to a series of actions such as i expression of genes for antifungal and antibacterial protein production ii activation of other defense enzymes and iii production of active natural products Defense evolution in the Gracilariaceae Rhodophyta substrate regulated oxidation of agar oligosaccharides is more ancient than oligoagar activated oxidative burst et al Vera et al  all converging toward enhanced protection against pathogensMolecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
The attracting interest in developing potential drugs for chronic diseases has been evidenced in a recent review on biofunction of marine oligosaccharides Bio function summary of marine oligosaccharides et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Alginatederived oligosaccharides of  Da and chitooligosaccharides of  Da obtained by enzymolysis with alginate lyase and chitosanase respectively were investigated for cell regulation erythrocytes haemolysis inhibition and antioxidant capacity  Acidic oligosaccharide sugar chain a marine derived acidic oligosaccharide inhibits the cytotoxicity and aggregation of amyloid beta protein et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
In general a combination of NMR and mass spectrometry is used for oligosaccharides and polysaccharides a recent example of these studies related to galactomannan from marine fungi reported the backbone composed by the rare linked mannoses  Galactomannan with novel structure produced by the coral endophytic fungus Aspergillus ochraceus et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Sulfated fucans were first reported in  Kylin  while biological activity of marine polysaccharides was already known in the mid of last century Properties of highly purified fucan and Springer Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Examples of application are reported in literature  Marine glycosyl hydrolases in the hydrolysis and synthesis of oligosaccharides et al  Trincone  with only latest few in a notexhaustive Table Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Structural characteristics rheological properties and absence of pathogenicity of exopolysaccharides from extremophiles make these compounds considerable for food pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries  Nicolaus et al Satpute et al Fermentation technologies for the optimization of marine microbial exopolysaccharide production et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
The high biodiversity of the latter and how they can serve the biotechnological field has been recently pointed out Stengel et al The challenge of ecophysiological biodiversity for biotechnological applications of marine microalgae et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
Scientific knowledge present in literature for each of these sources seems to differ from the wellknown seaweed Rinaudo  to relatively new sources of polysaccharides such as extremophiles and microalgae Bioactivity and applications of sulphated polysaccharides from marine microalgae et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
The case of chitinases is illustrative Bacterial chitin degradationmechanisms and ecophysiological strategies and Bertilsson Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
An unusually large number of biocatalysts degrading complex polysaccharides is reported Complete genome sequence of the complex carbohydratedegrading marine bacterium Saccharophagus degradans Strain  T et al Molecular fishing marine oligosaccharides
The application of scientific software continues to be discussed in journals  with concerns that researchers place too much trust in published software and suggestions that code as well   results should be subject to peer review The case for open computer programsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While much focus has been given to the release of software tools that aid researchers in developing and analysing computational models Differential RET responses orchestrate lymphoid and nervous enteric system development the same attention has not been given to providing researchers with a means of showing that their developed tool can adequately support the investigation of a specific biological research question that the tool is fit for purposeUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While the generally accepted model of lymphoid tissue development suggests that haematopoietic cell aggregation is driven by the expression of three chemokines binding to two receptors on haematopoietic cells other published research suggests that only one chemokine causes a significant difference in the formation of cell aggregation Overlapping roles of CXCL interleukin  receptor alpha and CCR ligands in lymph node developmentUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
In ecology the ODD overview design concepts details protocol is starting to address this through application of a standard protocol completed while implementing a computational model with the aim of ensuring reproducibility of results A standard protocol for describing individual based and agent based modelsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Although a basic model of tissue formation has been developed through laboratory experimentation Tyrosine kinase receptor RET is a key regulator of Peyer s Patch organogenesis the reasons for this emergent behaviour are not fully understoodUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
We have previously developed a computational model or simulation of prenatal lymphoid tissue formation to help direct and understand results of laboratory experimentation Spartan a comprehensive tool for understanding rsif royalsocietypublishing orgUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Introduction The application of computational and mathematical models is a generally accepted technique in physical sciences and engineering yet was met with scepticism by experimental biologists Why physicists like models and why biologists shouldUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Toxicology and human risk assessment studies for example use adverse outcome pathway AOP tools to demonstrate existing understanding of how molecular cellular organ and organism interactions link a molecular initiating event with a particular adverse outcome such as skin inflammation The adverse outcome pathway concept a pragmatic tool in toxicologyUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Although a basic model of tissue formation has been developed through laboratory experimentation Development of secondary lymphoid organs the reasons for this emergent behaviour are not fully understoodUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
An effect of the uncovering of incomplete knowledge is viewed as necessarily making a model unfit for purpose instead the process of argumentation highlights where biological experimentation might be focused to improve understanding Engineering simulations for cancer systems biologyUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Computational models have the capacity to provide an interpretation of biological data and act as a scientific tool through which new hypotheses can be established and explored Simulating biology towards understanding what the simulation showsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Similar abstractions have been drawn for adhesion factor expression with experimental results suggesting that as one adhesion pathway has a more significant impact on cell aggregation CD CD cells induce Peyer s Patch development role of ab integrin activation by CXCR others can be abstracted from the simulationUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
In common with acceptable safety our argumentation approach aims to capture and expose reasoning via an argumentation structure to critical scrutiny in order to establish trust in simulations Simulation validation exploring the suitability of a simulation of cell division and differentiation in the prostateUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
We can show that our simulator reproduces laboratory gene knockout experiments An essential function for the nuclear receptor ROR gamma in the generation of fetal lymphoid tissue inducer cells but determining whether we capture aggregation characteristics appropriately relies on the expert opinion of our collaborating experimental biologistsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
We have previously advocated a principled approach to simulation development where a number of models are developed a model consisting exclusively of the biological information to be captured a translation of this model into a specification that can be encoded as a simulation an executable of that specification and a model detailing how simulationderived results will be interpreted in terms of the biological domain The CoSMoS Process v   a process for the modelling and simulation of complex systemsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
The criticisms often directed towards simulationbased models are beginning to be levied towards cell culture and animal models with studies questioning how representative these traditional biological models are of the system they have been designed to represent the human Genomic responses in mouse models poorly mimic human inflammatory diseasesUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Following sound software engineering principles we can express the model in structures and language that is not discipline dependent and then provide an argument that the implementation conforms in a traceable repeatable manner to this model as part of the overall fitnessforpurpose argument Choosing and adapting design notations in the principled development of complex systems simulations for researchUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Drawing on safetycase argumentation we create a diagrammatic summary of the structured argument of fitness for purpose using a visual notation closely based on the standard safetycritical argumentation notation goal structuring notation GSN Arguing safety a systematic approach to managing safety casesUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While it may seem unnecessary to use techniques from aircraft safety in biological simulation we note that errors or misinterpretation of simulation results may have significant possibly even safetycritical repercussions if for instance a simulation is used as a key decisionmaking tool in clinical trials Concepts for developing a collaborative in silico model of the acute inflammatory response using agent based modelingUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
We have previously developed a computational model or simulation of prenatal lymphoid tissue formation to help direct and understand results of laboratory experimentation The multi agent simulation suiteUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Furthermore computational tools allow virtual experimentation not bound by the ethical and financial constraints associated with laboratory studiesComputational techniques can appear to be opaque tools that provide a researcher with a result or prediction but little understanding of how the result has been reached Simulation models as opaque thought experimentsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
The application of scientific software continues to be discussed in journals Troubling trends in scientific software use with concerns that researchers place too much trust in published software and suggestions that code as well   results should be subject to peer review Using argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
The application of scientific software continues to be discussed in journals Mozilla plan seeks to debug scientific code with concerns that researchers place too much trust in published software and suggestions that code as well   results should be subject to peer review Using argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While much focus has been given to the release of software tools that aid researchers in developing and analysing computational models Key role of local regulation in chemosensing revealed by a new molecular interaction based modeling method the same attention has not been given to providing researchers with a means of showing that their developed tool can adequately support the investigation of a specific biological research question that the tool is fit for purposeUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While much focus has been given to the release of software tools that aid researchers in developing and analysing computational models NetLogo itself Center for connected learning and computer based modeling the same attention has not been given to providing researchers with a means of showing that their developed tool can adequately support the investigation of a specific biological research question that the tool is fit for purposeUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
While much focus has been given to the release of software tools that aid researchers in developing and analysing computational models MASON a multiagent simulation environment the same attention has not been given to providing researchers with a means of showing that their developed tool can adequately support the investigation of a specific biological research question that the tool is fit for purposeUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
For the description of computational models both unified modelling language adopted in the development of computer software and systems biology markup language SBML may be applied Systems biology markup language SBML level  structures and facilities for model definitions Magdalen centre the latter possessing the benefit of allowing model execution by a number of SBMLsupported software toolsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
For the description of computational models both unified modelling language adopted in the development of computer software and systems biology markup language SBML may be applied The systems biology markup language SBML a medium for representation and exchange of biochemical network models the latter possessing the benefit of allowing model execution by a number of SBMLsupported software toolsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Both however are limited by restrictions in the extent of the system they can capture UML lacks the formalism to capture some biological features such as cyclicfeedback Modelling biological behaviours with the unified modelling language an immunological case study and critique and SBML cannot currently describe complex agentbased modelsUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
Computational models have the capacity to provide an interpretation of biological data and act as a scientific tool through which new hypotheses can be established and explored A comparative study on modeling strategies for immune system dynamics under HIV  infectionUsing argument notation to engineer biological simulations with increased confidence
 Much of the global debate on biofuels has focused on policy economics social issues such as competition with food crops and the potential of biofuels to reduce greenhouse gas emissions Assessing the biofuel options for southern Africa Paper presented at The nd CSIR Biennial Conference Science real and relevant nd CSIR Biennial ConferenceBiofuels and biodiversity in South Africa
Many of the problems we face today caused by invasive trees are the result of plantings incentivised by government schemes focusing on shortterm economic or social incentives Forestry trees as invasive aliensBiofuels and biodiversity in South Africa
Fourteen per cent of the countrys land surface area is already under some form of cultivation or afforestation Land cover changes in South Africa   and this is expected to increase in the futureBiofuels and biodiversity in South Africa
Much of the global debate on biofuels has focused on policy economics social issues such as competition with food crops and the potential of biofuels to reduce greenhouse gas emissions The growing role of biofuels Opportunities challenges and pitfallsBiofuels and biodiversity in South Africa
So we may take to be the circle with diameter Order of current variance and diffusivity in the asymmetric simple exclusion processAsymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
IntroductionIn previous work A Fredholm determinant representation in ASEP the authors considered the asymmetric simple exclusion process ASEP on the integer lattice Z in the case of step initial condition particles beginning at the positive integers Z  Asymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
In this case the probability equals a probability in a unitary Laguerre random matrix ensemble Shape fluctuations and random matricesAsymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
We use slightly different notation here which will simplify formulas later Introduction to the Theory of Linear Nonselfadjoint OperatorsAsymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
In the physics literature this is referred to as KPZ universality Dynamic scaling of growing interfaces Asymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
In the second result an apparently new distribution function arises and in the third the distribution function F  of random matrix theory Level spacing distributions and the Airy kernel arisesAsymptotics in ASEP with Step Initial Condition
StakeRare Using Social Networks and Collaborative Filtering for Large Scale Requirements Elicitation and Finkelstein  have investigated first approaches towards largescale requirements elicitation using social networksEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Approaches for service discovery Ran  service composition Rao and Su  in particular using AI techniques Beauche and Poizat  and service adaptation di A Journey to highly dynamic self adaptive Service based Applications et al  are of application to satisfy some of the envisaged challengesSocial collaborationEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Casebased reasoning Case Based Reasoning Foundational Issues Methodological Variations and System Approaches and Plaza  may be useful to improve the knowledge and reasoning capabilities of individual users case by caseEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
These approaches complement classical marketdriven requirements elicitation methods  Requirements Engineering Challenges in Market driven Software Development An Interview Study with Practitioners et al Enabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Approaches which allow enduser to give feedback on current contextaware services  Feedback in Context Supporting the Evolution of IT Ecosystems et al  and which allow them to document their ideas on services in situ  Seyff et al  build a basis to satisfy some of the depicted issuesProcess miningEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Approaches for service discovery Ran  service composition A Survey of Automated Web Service Composition Methods Semantic Web Services and Web Process Composition and Su  in particular using AI techniques Beauche and Poizat  and service adaptation di Nitto et al  are of application to satisfy some of the envisaged challengesSocial collaborationEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Approaches for service discovery A Model for Web Services Discovery With QoS  service composition Rao and Su  in particular using AI techniques Beauche and Poizat  and service adaptation di Nitto et al  are of application to satisfy some of the envisaged challengesSocial collaborationEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Crowdsourcing for addressing the Oracle problem in software testing has been also recently investigated CrowdOracles Can the Crowd Solve the Oracle Problem et al Enabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
In order to allow interoperability among all the platform components and the external services ontologies are needed to represent the information that flows around according to some agreed conceptual reference framework  Ontologies Principles and Gruninger Enabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
The key value of requirements in this context was also recently highlighted by Power and Politics in Requirements Engineering A Proposed Research Agenda and Maiden  who demonstrated that requirements are socially constructed in a political contextEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Another noteworthy work  End User Service Composition et al  studies enduser service composition from the perspective of usersEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Recommender systems Toward the next Generation of Recommender Systems A Survey of the State of the art and possible Extensions and Tuzhilin  may provide even automatically execute recommendations on which services to apply some applications in the marketing contextEnabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
For instance recent findings dispute the idea that people are rational decisionmakers How we Decide Enabling Informed Decision Making through Mobile Technologies A Challenge for Software Engineering
Lako and Johnson  is an interesting and potentially extremely useful eld for designers but NLPs claims about the existence of preferred representational systems and the validity of eye accessing cues have not been supported by empirical study Sharpley The Eyes Don t Have It Lie Detection and Neuro Linguistic Programming  et al Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Where the Action Is The Foundations of Embodied Interaction  uses the termsocialtermsocial computing to describe eorts to incorporate sociological insights into interaction designSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Huczynski bases a chapter on the work of Patterns of Managerial Inuence Shotgun Managers Tacticians and Bystanders et al  who empirically developed a taxonomy of seven inuence strategies that managers use to get their way in their organisations  Patterns of Managerial Inuence Shotgun Managers Tacticians and Bystanders et al  p reason friendliness coalition bargaining assertiveness higher authority and sanctionsSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
NLP also drew on Science and Sanity An Introduction to Non Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics Fifth edition Institute of General Semanticss  complex general semantics a philosophical system probably best known for its recognition of the levels of abstraction which characterise language and other human endeavour egSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Customers who were below average in usage faced with a smiley face indicating approval for their behaviour maintained the lower usage whereas those who did not receive the smiley face tended to increase their usage up towards the average thmagnetic middle  Yes  Secrets from the Science of Persuasion et al Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
A Room with a Viewpoint Using Social Norms to Motivate Environmental Conservation in Hotels et al  report two experiments examining the eectiveness of hotels use of signs exhorting guests to reuse their towels for environmental benetSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Erickson Patterns of the Hypnotic Techniques of Delozier and Bandler  and putting them into a form where they could be useful to othersSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
A kind of comparative feedback could in fact come from discussion between building users themselves for example The Role of Energy Eciency in Homebuying Decisions Results of Initial Focus Group Discussions amp Bernstein  noted in a study of two housing developments in California one a zeroemission home ZEH development and one more conventional that awareness of the value of energy eciency in nonZEH home owners appeared to have grown over the past year of home ownership having been associated with paying energy bills and communications with ZEH home owner neighbours whose bills are substantially lowerSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
In one study over  of respondents said that they would take conservation action if they were shown to be over the th percentile of their comparison group  Comparison groups as a tool for evaluating energy eciency programs an analysis of Energy Star billing comparison groups et al Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Social psychology especially involves the scientic study of the behaviour of individuals as a function of social stimuli Foundations of Social Psychology amp Gerard Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
It would be possible to apply this sort of approach via design directly for example Stoop to Conquer Posture and aect interact to inuence computer users persistence et al  built RoCo a robotic computer which moves its monitor in subtly expressive ways that respond to and promote its users postural movement Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
reason is seen in Petty and Cacioppos central route persuasion Cognitive biases heuristics and decision making in design for behaviour change b friendliness sums up a number of Carnegies recommendations higher authority is seen in Cialdinis authority Cognitive biases heuristics and decision making in design for behaviour change bSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
It is not dissimilar to the idea of designing an interface to match the users existing understanding or mental model of the system discussed in Models of the user designers perspectives on inuencing sustainable behaviour  Harrison and Stanton Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
It emphasises noticing the small but crucial signals that let you know how others are responding to your behaviour and heightened awareness of your internal images sounds and feelings when thinking Introducing NLP Psychological Skills fo Understanding and Inuencing People via patterns such asye accessing cueswatching others eye movements as they think with certain movements said to be associated with dierentpreferreddierentpreferred representational systems  thinking in pictures sounds or feelings Introducing NLP Psychological Skills fo Understanding and Inuencing People or for example telling the truth versus lyingSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Lako and Johnson  is an interesting and potentially extremely useful eld for designers but NLPs claims about the existence of preferred representational systems and the validity of eye accessing cues have not been supported by empirical study Research Findings on Neurolinguistic Programming Nonsupportive Data or an Untestable Theory  Wiseman et al Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Perfect Persuasion Random House   focus on specic aspects of inuence such as using and understanding body language Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Changing MindsIn Detail  has produced an extensive reference guide Changing Minds In Detail with an accompanying website providing examples often based on conversations between two people at work or in other situations of how dierent techniques can be appliedSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Neurolinguistic programming Neurolinguistic programming NLP is a dicult area to review Fabulous Creatures of HRD a critical natural history of neuro linguistic programming and Mathison  note that there is little evidence of dialogue between NLP practitioners and academics and while the few scientic treatments of it have found scant evidence that NLP techniques work as claimed NLP has generated a large following and NLP ideas have also crept into a number of bestselling management and communication texts as well as being widely used in training Hartley  p and even lifestyle coachingSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Metaphors We Live By and Johnson  is an interesting and potentially extremely useful eld for designers but NLPs claims about the existence of preferred representational systems and the validity of eye accessing cues have not been supported by empirical study Sharpley Wiseman et al Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
This does perhaps have some validity outside NLP The validity of some early claims of neuro linguistic programming Skeptical Intelligencer Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
In terms of users learning new behaviours from each other or deciding to adopt more ecient technology Models of Decision Making and Residential Energy Use and Dowlatabadi  suggest that this will be easier when such changes are very visible Establishing social norms works most eectively for technologies or behaviours that are observable by potential adopters favouring solar photovoltaics over insulation for exampleSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Inuence the Psychology of Persuasion  mentions smallscale examples such as bartenders salting their tip jars with a few dollar bills at the beginning of the evening to simulate tips left by prior customers p Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Resistance is Useless The Art of Business Persuasion  even going so far as oering complex frameworks covering ones whole life inuencing ones own behaviour as well as others egSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Reading People and Mazzarella  others focus on business situations egSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Carnegie as user experience advocate Indeed some of the basic politeness principles Carnegie discusses are arguably central to usercentred design and user experience as noted by How To Win Users and Inuence Their Behavior Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Erickson Grinder Delozier and Patterns of the Hypnotic Techniques of  and putting them into a form where they could be useful to othersSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Results of a pilot programme in Sacramento have shown a  reduction in consumption  Residential Energy Use Behavior Change Pilot et al  maintained in the longer term while in Minnesota a  to  overall reduction was calculated by Allcott Social and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
For example Crafting Normative Messages to Protect the Environment  and colleagues investigated the phenomenon of visitors taking pieces of petried wood from Arizonas Petried Forest National Park and the park authoritys attempts to enjoin visitors not to do thisSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
Nevertheless in some parts of the world normative comparisons on utility bills have become more common and the highprole Opower startup recently championed by both Barack Obama and David Cameron has grown out of a study carried out by Understanding and Motivating Energy Conservation via Social Norms Report prepared for the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation amp Schultz  which found that a normative message about air conditioner use presented on a doorhanger card resulted in an average  kWh reduction in daily energy useSocial and interpersonal approaches to design for behaviour change
The crisis was understood to have spread geographically from the US economy to Europe and the worldwide although some financial markets were less affected such as those in Asia Geographies of the financial crisis Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
The goal is to supplement a further distinctly geographical cut at existing socioeconomic conceptions of markets that can also permit engagement with wider debates in economic geography that would benefit with a more developed heterodox conceptualisation of markets for example the growing body of work on financialization French et al  Editorial Financialization Space and Place amp Leyshon Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
The financial crisis that gripped the global financial system in the latter half of  has prompted had significant and farreaching reevaluation of orthodox market theories and their associated neoliberal policy prescriptions The Origins of the Financial Crisis central banks credit bubbles and the efficient market fallacy Kay Norfield  and this has persisted if not deepened with the sovereign debt crisis in the EU since  Lane Mody amp Sandri Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
In an earlier period economic geographers sought to spatialise analysis of markets around orthodox neoclassical conceptions and of course this branch of the subdiscipline has continued to develop within economics as the new economic geography Krugman New Economic Geography an appraisal on the occasion of Paul Krugman s  Nobel Prize in Economics et al New Economic Geography an appraisal on the occasion of Paul Krugman s  Nobel Prize in Economics amp Thisse Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
To date economic geographical thinking about markets in the heterodox tradition has either framed analysis of markets through the lens of political economic understanding neoliberal capitalism Peck  or tended to focus on specific aspects of market spatiality the geographies of production Bathelt  circulation Berndt amp Broeckler  knowledge exchange and market creation What counts Exploring the production of quantitative financial narratives in Bathelt amp Gluckler Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
Such a contention echoes The material production of virtuality innovation cultural geography and facticity in derivatives marketss  argument that there is a need for the sociotechnical literature on markets to not only address the question of spatiality but produce nuanced answersReconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
Markets as spatialised networks Economic geographical thinking about markets utilises the concept of the network in a number between actors who are conceived as nodes in the network Spatial relationships Towards a reconceptualisation of embeddedness Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
However social scientists also now see the fate of national economic space as bound to the development of global marketplaces for goods and services The Trifurcating Miracle Corporations Workers Bureaucrats and the Erosion of Japan s National Economy Bhagwati Friedman Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
The financial crisis that gripped the global financial system in the latter half of  has prompted had significant and farreaching reevaluation of orthodox market theories and their associated neoliberal policy prescriptions Cooper The Contribution of Social Norms to the Global Financial Crisis A Systemic Actor Focused Model and Proposal for Regulatory Change Corporate Governance Norfield  and this has persisted if not deepened with the sovereign debt crisis in the EU since  Lane Mody amp Sandri Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
  that reconfigures the concept of a network to a multiplex heterogenous and robust web of relations and it is a primary influence in the development of the concept of the network used by actornetwork theorists Actor Network Theory and After Hassard Latour Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
In an earlier period economic geographers sought to spatialise analysis of markets around orthodox neoclassical conceptions and of course this branch of the subdiscipline has continued to develop within economics as the new economic geography Increasing returns and economic geography Fujita et al Fujita amp Thisse Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
In this view the epistemological starting point is a recognition that markets do not simply fall out of thin air Kulturelle Geographien der Okonomie Zur Performativatat von Markten pp amp Boeckler  but rather are phenomenon that are continually produced and constructed socially with the help of actors who are interlinked in dense and extensive webs of social relations  Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
To date economic geographical thinking about markets in the heterodox tradition has either framed analysis of markets through the lens of political economic understanding neoliberal capitalism Peck  or tended to focus on specific aspects of market spatiality the geographies of production Geographies of Production Growth Regimes in Spatial Perspective Toward a Relational View of Economic Action and Policy  circulation Berndt amp Broeckler  knowledge exchange and market creation Hall Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
Likewise markets are both geographically constituted Kozel  and have geographical consequences Meric amp Meric Freefall Free Markets and the Sinking of the Global Economy Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
In particularas Geographies of circulation and exchange constructions of markets amp Boeckler  point out socioeconomic work on markets has cast a strong shadow over the subdiscipline as economic geographers have shared the dissatisfaction of other social scientists outside of economics with neoclassical conceptions of the marketReconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
However social scientists also now see the fate of national economic space as bound to the development of global marketplaces for goods and services Ikeda Defense of Globalization Friedman Reconceptualising the space of markets the case of the  global financial crisis
The largest study to assess the effect of a statin on aortic stenosis is the Simvastatin and Ezetimibe in Aortic Stenosis SEAS Trial Intensive lipid lowering with simvastatin and ezetimibe in aortic stenosisExploring new indications for statins beyond atherosclerosis Successes and setbacks
Inequalities in mortality from conditions amenable to health care were found to explain a substantial part of mortality inequalities in Central and Eastern Europe Association of socioeconomic position with health behaviors and mortality and inequalities in access to health care could thus partly account for the inequalities in mortality in LithuaniaOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Substantial differences in mortality between socioeconomic groups however are still observed and might even be increasing in Europe Widening socioeconomic inequalities in mortality in six Western European countriesOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
These mostly focused on the s s and s and not always took economically inactive persons into account due to lacking information on their occupational class Occupational class and cause specific mortality in middle aged men in  European countries comparison of population based studies Commentary unequal inequalities across EuropeOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Europe is a unique region in this respect as the magnitude of inequalities in health has been shown to differ substantially between countries Socioeconomic inequalities in health in  European countriesOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Substantial differences in mortality between socioeconomic groups however are still observed and might even be increasing in Europe Health inequalities in Britain continuing increases up to the end of the th centuryOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Education reflects knowledge attainment intellectual resources and cognitive functioning and may also reflect the ability to take up health education and health innovations Indicators of socioeconomic position part  Occupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
These differences between the Nordic countries may reflect differences in the social patterning of behavioural risk factors  or differences in welfare state and labour market programmes and regulations that generate larger inequalities in mortality in some countries than in others Changing Social Equality The Nordic Welfare Model in the st CenturyOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Inactive persons generally have a higher mortality when compared with active persons from the same occupational class and more often have a manual occupation Bias related to the exclusion of the economically inactive in studies on social class differences in mortalityOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Data cannot be made publicly available but an overview of persons and institutions who provided data to the study can be found in The potential for reduction of health inequalities in Europe The EURO GBD SE Final Report and Mackenbach The potential for reduction of health inequalities in Europe The EURO GBD SE Final ReportOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
In this study occupational class was operationalized with the EGP social class scheme The Constant Flux A Study of Class Mobility in Industrial SocietiesOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Not only during adolescence but also in adulthood healthy behaviours may be encouraged or discouraged by the social environment and healthrelated behaviours may therefore be as strongly or even more strongly related to occupational class as it is to education Identification of socioeconomic groups at increased risk for smoking in European countries looking beyond educational levelOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Occupational class was classified following the EGP scheme which was initially developed for international comparisons and has already been used in several studies on occupational class inequalities in mortality Mortality by occupational class among men   years in  European countriesOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Substantial differences in mortality between socioeconomic groups however are still observed and might even be increasing in Europe Inequalities in life expectancy by social class  Occupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Psychosocial factors have been associated with inequalities in CVD mortality Cancer mortality study among French cement production workers whereas exposure to hazards in industries has been shown to explain some of the occupational class differences in cancer mortality Cancer mortality study among French cement production workersOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Specific occupational health risks are generally more prevalent in lower occupational classes and are likely to explain part of the association between occupational class and mortality Occupational and behavioural factors in the explanation of social inequalities in premature and total mortality a   year follow up in the Lorhandicap studyOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
On the other hand occupational class inequalities in health are also more sensitive than educational inequalities to direct health selection because good and bad health influences the likelihood of moving between occupational classes Health selection in the Whitehall II studyOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
These risk factors include physical risk factors such as exposure to noise and pollution heavy lifting and risk of injuries as well as psychosocial risk factors like low prestige demand and control imbalance and income deprivation Job demands job decision latitude and mental strain implications for job redesignOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
These risk factors include physical risk factors such as exposure to noise and pollution heavy lifting and risk of injuries as well as psychosocial risk factors like low prestige demand and control imbalance and income deprivation Job control job demands or social class The impact of working conditions on the relation between social class and healthOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Psychosocial factors have been associated with inequalities in CVD mortality Psychosocial stress and disease risk in the work life whereas exposure to hazards in industries has been shown to explain some of the occupational class differences in cancer mortality Occupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
On the other hand occupational class inequalities in health are also more sensitive than educational inequalities to direct health selection because good and bad health influences the likelihood of moving between occupational classes Does social mobility affect the size of the socioeconomic mortality differential evidence from the Office for National Statistics Longitudinal StudyOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Psychosocial factors have been associated with inequalities in CVD mortality  whereas exposure to hazards in industries has been shown to explain some of the occupational class differences in cancer mortality Lung cancer and occupation in a population based case control studyOccupational Class Inequalities in AllCause and CauseSpecific Mortality among MiddleAged Men in  European Populations during the Early s
Even studies exploiting the within country variation in the data still show that transitions towards democracy are not necessarily associated with large improvements in economic outcomes Rodrik and Wacziarg Economic and political liberalization and Tabellini Persson andTabellini  Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Specifically we study the democratic reforms effects using a differenceindifferences technique as well as by combining it with propensity score matching methods as in The growth effect of democracy Is it heterogeneous and how can it be estimated  and Tabellini Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Even studies exploiting the within country variation in the data still show that transitions towards democracy are not necessarily associated with large improvements in economic outcomes Rodrik and Wacziarg Giavazzi and Tabellini Forms of democracy policy and Economic development Working Paper Institute for International Economic Studies andTabellini  Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Giavazzi and Tabellini  and Why the move to free trade Democracy and trade policy in the developing countries exploiting the within country variation in trade policies find that regime change towards democracy is associated with more trade liberalization in developing countriesPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
In the literature two main contrasting views can be distinguished concerning the effect of democracy on public policy outcomes  Do democracies have different public policies than non democracies et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
First in terms of better policy indicators we make use of a new dataset covering both trade and fiscal policies which is the dataset on agricultural policy distortions recently developed by the World Bank see Estimates of Distortions to Agricultural Incentives and Valenzuela Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Political institutions affect economic policy making by shaping the rules of the game and determine the context in which key policy decisions are made such as redistribution of income and the provision of public goods The Economic Effect of Constitutions and Tabellini Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
As such we follow the approach discussed by Smith and Todd  and applied by Semiparametric Difference in Difference EstimatorsPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Propensity score matching allows to rule out the impact of unobservable factors and to relax linearity assumptions The Central Role of the Propensity Score in Observational Studies for Casual Effects and Rubin Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
All studies but one exploit the crosscountry variation in the data and find mixed and often weak evidence on the effect of democracy on agricultural protection see Beghin and Kherallah The political economy of public research investment and commody policy in agriculture An empirical study et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
As such we follow the approach discussed by Smith and Todd  and Abadie  and applied by Blundell et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
First the Sachs and Warner  openness index to measure trade liberalization used by among others Giavazzi and Tabellini  Milner and Kubota  and Persson  has been criticized by Trade policy and economic growth A Skeptic s guide to the cross national evidence and Rodrik   who show that it is a poor measure of trade barriersPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
First the Economic reform and the process of global integration and Warner  openness index to measure trade liberalization used by among others Giavazzi and Tabellini  Milner and Kubota  and Persson  has been criticized by Rodriguez and Rodrik   who show that it is a poor measure of trade barriersPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Differently ORourke and Taylor  find that democratization reduces trade protection but only in countries where workers stand to gain from free trade see also Fehrs and Axelrod Kono Democracy and Trade Liberalization Working Paper Rochester Institute of Technology Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Similar mechanisms that imply a different fiscal policy between a democracy and an  autocracy are proposed by Olson  and The Economics of Autocracy and Majority Rule The Invisible Hand and the Use of ForcePolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
A different view can be found in the Chicago school of political economy The Theory of Economic Regulation Peltzman Becker  and studies such as Wittman Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
De Haan and Sturm  using a developing country sample show that greater political freedom furthers economic  For similar conclusions based on a more structured model see also Political Entry Public Policies and the Economy NBER Working Paper Series n  Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
For a critical discussion of democracy indices see Conceptualizing and measuring democracy Evaluating alternative indices and Verkuilen Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Even studies exploiting the within country variation in the data still show that transitions towards democracy are not necessarily associated with large improvements in economic outcomes Do democratic transitions produce bad economic outcomes  and Wacziarg Giavazzi and Tabellini Persson andTabellini  Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Similar mechanisms that imply a different fiscal policy between a democracy and an autocracy are proposed by Dictatorship democracy and development  and McGuire and Dictatorship democracy and development Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Differently Democracy and Protection find that democratization reduces trade protection but only in countries where workers stand to gain from free trade see also Fehrs and Axelrod Kono Tavares Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Finally in order to avoid the use of very short reform episodes we introduce the criteria that the dependent variable is observed for at least four years before and after each  The other usable data source on democratic transitions with a good overlapping with our sample is that of Democratization and growth and Siourounis  that indeed cover the period from  to Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
A different view can be found in the Chicago school of political economy Stigler Toward a More General Theory of Regulation Becker  and studies such as Wittman Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Based on this logic Why did the west extend the franchise Democracy inequality and growth in historical perspective and Robinson  predict redistribution from the elite to the citizens after an extension of voting rightsPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
As a consequence voting models predict that democracies tend to redistribute from the rich to the poor and this effect will be stronger with higher income inequality as the middleclass has more incentives to form coalitions with the poor see Alesina and Rodrik Is Inequality Harmful for Growth  and Tabellini Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
For example both Democracy and Development The Devil in the Details  and Tabellini  show that while democratization per se does not affect structural trade policy transitions toward parliamentary and proportional democracies doesPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Following Matching as an Econometric Evaluation Estimator et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Furthermore the direction of causation is hard to establish see Acemoglu et al A farewell to critical juncture Sorting out long run causality of income and democracy and Paldam Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
A different view can be found in the Chicago school of political economy Stigler Peltzman A Theory of Competition among Pressure Groups for Political Influence  and studies such as Wittman Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Note that average NRA for nonagricultural sectors although low is always positive for all regions and time periods over  see Table  of Agricultural distortions patterns since the s what needs explaining Agricultural Distortions Working Paper  et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
For example Does the type of political regime matter for trade and labor market policies  and Ghanem  show crosscountry evidence supporting the view that authoritarian regimes are associated with higher trade protectionism as well as greater labor market distortionsPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Crosscountry studies on the impact of democratic institutions on growth yield ambiguous and inconclusive results Determinants of Economic Growth A Cross country Empirical Study Glaeser et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
As a consequence voting models predict that democracies tend to redistribute from the rich to the poor and this effect will be stronger with higher income inequality as the middleclass has more incentives to form coalitions with the poor see Distributive Politics and Economic Growth and Rodrik Persson and Tabellini Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
The set of covariates X is chosen to reduce the bias attributable to unobserved factors and is thus crucial for the quality of matching see Estimation of average treatment effects based on propensity scores and Ichino Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
All studies but one exploit the crosscountry variation in the data and find mixed and often weak evidence on the effect of democracy on agricultural protection see Political institutions and international patterns of agricultural protection and Kherallah Swinnen et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Moreover as the dependent variable displays a strong positive autocorrelation we follow the most conservative method of estimating standard errors also by clustering at the country level allowing arbitrary countryspecific serial correlation see How much should we trust difference in difference estimates  et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
For example Health and Democracy and Kudamatsu  using panel data find that health policy interventions are superior in democraciesPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
One possible explanation of such asymmetric effect of transitions to democracy and autocracy could be based on theories explaining lack of leadership turnovers and economic performance under autocracies see Making Autocracy Work and Kudamatsu Acemoglu et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
As such we follow the approach discussed by Smith and Todd  and Abadie  and applied by Evaluating the Employment Impact of a Mandatory Job Search Assistance Program et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Does more democracy lead to greater economic freedom New evidence for developing countries and Sturm  using a developing country sample show that greater political freedom furthers economic  For similar conclusions based on a more structured model see also Mulligan and Tsui Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
The first view which largely derives from models based on the median voter theorem An Economic Theory of Democracy  emphasizes that in democracies the distribution of political power is typically more equal than the distribution of income and wealthPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Furthermore the direction of causation is hard to establish see Income and Democracy et al Gundlach and Paldam Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
One possible explanation of such asymmetric effect of transitions to democracy and autocracy could be based on theories explaining lack of leadership turnovers and economic performance under autocracies see Besley and Kudamatsu Kleptocracy and Divide and Rule A Model of Personal Rule et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Differently ORourke and Taylor  find that democratization reduces trade protection but only in countries where workers stand to gain from free trade see also Democracy Unpacked How Democratic Constraint Leads to Trade Liberalization and Axelrod Kono Tavares Political Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
Crosscountry studies on the impact of democratic institutions on growth yield ambiguous and inconclusive results Barro Do institutions cause growth et alPolitical Reforms and Public Policies Evidence from Agricultural Protection
In this work we use the code developed by Differential emission measures from the regularized inversion of Hinode and SDO data and Kontar  to recover the DEMDo All CandleFlameShaped Flares Have the Same Temperature Distribution
Here the events of interest are roughly categorized as standard or nonstandard flares depending on whether they were similar to the prototypical Structure and dynamics of magnetic reconnection in a solar flare Erratum flare Structure and dynamics of magnetic reconnection in a solar flare Erratum Do All CandleFlameShaped Flares Have the Same Temperature Distribution
First we present GRASP in general and the method of A Guided Reactive GRASP for the Capacitated Multi Source Weber Problem et alA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
A Continuous Location Allocation Problem with Zone Dependent Fixed Cost and Salhi  assume that fixed costs are zonedependent where zones are nonoverlapping convex polygonsA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
A Perturbation Based Heuristic for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem and Salhi  deal with the Euclidean CMSWP by proposing a perturbationbased heuristicA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
For each cluster of customers the location of its facility is found using the On the Point for Which the Sum of the Distances to n Given Points is Minimum algorithm A Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
The problem was revisited  years later by A Squared Euclidean Distance LocationAllocation Problem and Tuncbilek  who put forward a branch and bound algorithm to compute strong upper boundsA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
The Rectilinear Distance Location Allocation Problem and Shetty  solve the rectilinear distance CMSWP using a convergent cutting plane algorithm originally derived from a bilinear programming problem by substituting decision variables by the difference of two nonnegative variablesA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
A Guided Hybrid GRASP for the CMSWP without fixed costsThe greedy randomized adaptive search procedure GRASP for short is a multistart heuristic technique consisting of constructive and a local search phases to tackle hard combinatorial optimization problems see Greedy Randomized Adaptive Search Procedures Advances Hybridizations and Applications and Ribeiro A Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
This and all subsequent settings are based on and found appropriate by the experimentation of Meta heuristics for the Capacitated Multi Source Weber Problem A Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
Hence once we find the initial solution for M  LB we construct subsequent solutions by adding one facility at a time to existing solutions using an efficient implementation of the ADD heuristic originally proposed by A Heuristic Program for Locating Warehouses and Hamburger A Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
The Alternating TransportationLocation ATL method of The Transportation Location Problem  takes a set of M open facilities as inputA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
In Type II and Type III the fixed costs were generated from discrete uniform distributions in the range of Heuristic Methods for Location Allocation Problems for  fixed points  for  fixed points  for  fixed points and  for  fixed points see Luis  for more detailsA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
We do not look at the MSWP without fixed costs but refer the reader to A Survey of Solution Methods for the Continuous Location Allocation Problem et alA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
To evaluate the performance of our proposed methods we adapted the four well known data sets from Improvements and Comparison of Heuristics for Solving the Uncapacitated Multisource Weber Problem et alA Constructive Method and a Guided Hybrid GRASP for the Capacitated Multisource Weber Problem in the Presence of Fixed Cost
In the form in which we use them here they go back at least to Channels of interstate risk sharing United States   et alSecuritization of mortgage debt domestic lending and international risk sharing Securitization of Mortgage Debt Domestic Lending and International Risk Sharing
Introduction The securitization of mortgagerelated debt has played a major role in the emergence and proliferation of the current financial crisis see Deciphering the liquidity and credit crunch  for a detailed accountSecuritization of mortgage debt domestic lending and international risk sharing Securitization of Mortgage Debt Domestic Lending and International Risk Sharing
While current English building regulations requires that adequate means of ventilation is provided to dwellings Home energy efficiency and radon related risk of lung cancer modelling study there is a lack of guidance for determining the level of ventilation required to protect health before or following an energy efficiency retrofitHealth effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
The modelling described in detail elsewhere    used representative archetype dwelling forms informed by sampling from the EHS    to represent the English dwelling stock Validation of multizone IAQ modeling of residential scale buildings a reviewHealth effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
The only guidance that exists relates to the replacement of existing window trickle vents Approved document F ventilationHealth effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
Occupant ventilation practices have also been shown to be counterproductive to creating a healthy indoor environment Association between ventilation rates in  Swedish homes and allergic symptoms in children Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
Education around ventilation will be essential to minimise exposure to indoor pollutants following retrofits Mechanical ventilation in recently built Dutch homes technical shortcomings possibilities for improvement perceived indoor environment and health effects  Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
While quantifying the potential health impact of policy options is preferable over qualitative assessment doing so is subject to several difficulties primarily the availability of evidence Prospective health impact assessment pitfalls problems and possible ways forward   and the potential to add scientific credibility to uncertain predictionsHealth effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
We have not modelled the impact of cold on respiratory disease eg chronic obstructive pulmonary disease because the evidence required for robust quantification is still equivocal Home warmth and health status of COPD patients we hope to address this in future versions of the modelHealth effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
This would further tip the balance towards installing mitigating ventilation systems so as to dilute stale indoor air Public health benefits of strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions low carbon electricity generation  Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
Housing is responsible for onequarter of total UK CO  emissions  and  of this is from space heating Emissions Statistics  final UK greenhouse gas emissions  Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
We used an empirical relationship between the dwelling heat loss value and standardised internal temperature SIT i to predict the bedroom and living room temperature standardised at an external temperature of C Determinants of winter indoor temperatures in low income households in England  Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
Properly designed and implemented actions to improve housing energy performance could have major cobenefits for public health DECC s evidence base although there are risks involved and the possibility of poorly designed interventions leading to unintended consequences figure Health effects of home energy efficiency interventions in England a modelling study
Furthermore growth in WLAN deployment at universities The Changing Usage of a Mature Campus wide Wireless Network and even in entire towns  increases the likelihood that concurrent wireless hosts compete on the same wireless channelsThe traffic generated by one host on a WLAN can have dramatic impact on the performance of other hosts on the WLAN On the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
Furthermore growth in WLAN deployment at universities  and even in entire towns  increases the likelihood that concurrent wireless hosts compete on the same wireless channelsThe traffic generated by one host on a WLAN can have dramatic impact on the performance of other hosts on the WLAN Performance Anomaly of  bOn the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
Furthermore growth in WLAN deployment at universities  and even in entire towns Cities find Wi Fi future increases the likelihood that concurrent wireless hosts compete on the same wireless channelsThe traffic generated by one host on a WLAN can have dramatic impact on the performance of other hosts on the WLAN On the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
There have been numerous studies of traffic models for popular PC games  and even game consoles A Traffic Model for the Xbox Game Halo On the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
Furthermore growth in WLAN deployment at universities  and even in entire towns  increases the likelihood that concurrent wireless hosts compete on the same wireless channelsThe traffic generated by one host on a WLAN can have dramatic impact on the performance of other hosts on the WLAN The Effects of Mobility on Wireless Media Streaming PerformanceOn the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
The processor time wasted by other computers handling broadcast packets can be significant and broadcast traffic generated by the game Doom plagued wired LANs in the mids Masters of Doom Random House even prompting some companies and universities to implemented specific antiDoom policies to reduce congestion on their LANsOn the  Turbulence of Nintendo DS and Sony PSP Handheld Network Games
Management decisionmaking in this context is affected by managers interpretations of the available information at a particular point in time Managing Business Relationships et al  also referred to as sensemaking Weick Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Thus stability is a prerequisite for change Lundgren  and an inherent feature of a network From dyadic change to changing business networks An analytical framework  et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Reviewing recent research on business networks and network change the paper addresses the existing shortcoming in the literature with regard to a systematic understanding of change perceptions Using case methods in the study of contemporary networks and Trnroos  and develops the concept of network change as well as an operationalization for the comparison of actors perceptionsSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Companies are seen to interact based on their perceptions of the relevant network and their subjective sensemaking of the logic and exchange mechanisms relating to these activities resources and actors  Ford et al Sensemaking and cognition in business networks Conceptualisation and propositional development et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
For example strategic research has looked at strategic groups either as defined by objective characteristics  McNamara et al Porter  or delineated by a shared understanding of different companies  Strategic gGroups and competitive enactment A study of dynamic relationships between mental models and performance et al Reger and Palmer Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Management decisionmaking in this context is affected by managers interpretations of the available information at a particular point in time Ford et al  also referred to as sensemaking The Social Psychology of Organizing Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Senior personnel changes in organisations shifts in organisational structures changes in strategy as well as acquisitions mergers and bankruptcies can all cause such change  Halinen et al Changing network pictures Evidence from mergers and acquisitions Industrial Marketing Management et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Following the argument that managers act on the subjective interpretations of their environment  Borders et al Ford et al  which can be related to managerial research by Weick  see also Mller  as well as sociopsychological theories of cognitive cycles Cognitive Psychology Cognitive Psychology   network change must be seen in relation to how actors perceive their networkSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
While this research tradition looks at structures of competition between related companies the channel management or supply chain literature treats each individual business relationship as a separate entity arguing that companies have to respond appropriately to changes in their business environment  Achrol et al Planned and evolutionary changes in distribution channels Stern and Reve Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Further comparing different actors ascriptions of the explanatory mechanisms is important because companies adapt to perceived changes through interactions based on their understanding or anticipation of the changing environment  Exploring strategy perceptions in changing environments and Falkenberg Reger and Palmer Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
However comparing the perceptions of multiple actors specifically the time and space specificity of change remains an underresearched area  Analysing business interaction th IMP Conference et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Such an analysis provides a flexible and continuous process of altering categories and finding increasingly suitable interpretations as the material is analysed Using templates in the thematic analysis of text Piekkari et al A simple template relating to the dimensions of the framework allows the empirical data to be systematizedSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Such an analysis provides a flexible and continuous process of altering categories and finding increasingly suitable interpretations as the material is analysed King Good case research in industrial marketing Insights from research practice Industrial Marketing Management et al A simple template relating to the dimensions of the framework allows the empirical data to be systematizedSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Spread of change in business networks an empirical study of mergers and acquisitions in the graphic industry  and Salmi  for instance found that mergers triggered a range of changes in connected relationshipsSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
For example strategic research has looked at strategic groups either as defined by objective characteristics  McNamara et al Porter  or delineated by a shared understanding of different companies  Osborne et al Managerial categorization of competitors Using old maps to navigate new environments and Palmer Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
They provide understanding of how managers react to changing environments The role of embeddedness in the evolution of business networks and Trnroos Oberg et al  and help to explain strategic decisionmaking behaviour Borders et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Systematic combining an abductive approach to case research and Gadde  for instance discuss a number of limitations first case studies are seen to provide little basis for scientific generalization Weick Yin Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
As such the concept of network pictures is influenced by and related to the research themes of cognitive strategic groups  Osborne et al Porac et al  cognitive scripts and cognitive mapping Fiol and Huff Johnson et al  and managerial cognitionsensemaking in organisations  Colville and Pye Toward a model of organizations as interpretation systems and Weick Weick Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Following the argument that managers act on the subjective interpretations of their environment  Beyond the dyad Electronic commerce and network perspectives in industrial marketing management Industrial Marketing Management et al Ford et al  which can be related to managerial research by Weick  see also Mller  as well as sociopsychological theories of cognitive cycles Neisser Neisser   network change must be seen in relation to how actors perceive their networkSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Others use concepts such as expansion and contraction Managing strategic change in a markets as networks perspective  extension and consolidation Cook  and splitting and joining Hertz Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
While this research tradition looks at structures of competition between related companies the channel management or supply chain literature treats each individual business relationship as a separate entity arguing that companies have to respond appropriately to changes in their business environment  The Environment of Marketing Channel Dyads A Framework for Comparative Analysis  et al Guiltinan Stern and Reve Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Business networks have also been characterised in strategic marketing as valuecreating systems Parolini  where companies cooperate in order to develop value for customers and simultaneously compete to appropriate value  Mller and Svahn  From value chain to value constellation Designing interactive strategy and Ramirez  and marketing alliances where firms cooperate based on formalised and collaborative agreements  Das et al Gulati et al While considerable research exists to explain business network structures in these different research traditions the issue of change within networks is less well researchedSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
This subjective and narrow approach overlaps with An emerging strategy of direct research Administrative Science Quarterlys  notion of strategy as perspective and provides a representation of actornetwork embeddedness Halinen and Trnroos Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
For example strategic research has looked at strategic groups either as defined by objective characteristics  Competetive positioning within and across a strategic group structure The performance of core secondary and solitary firms Porter  or delineated by a shared understanding of different companies  Osborne et al Reger and Palmer Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Thus stability is a prerequisite for change Coordinating and mobilisation processes in industrial networks  and an inherent feature of a network Halinen et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Recent research shows increasing interest in the concept of network pictures  Henneberg et al The utilisation of network pictures to examine a company s employees perceptions of a supplier relationship and Mason Tonge Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
An initial study of five exporters and seven importers was undertaken in  Appendix  lists the companies involved as part of a larger study Sensemaking in Networks Using Network Pictures to Understand Network Dynamics Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Business networks have also been characterised in strategic marketing as valuecreating systems The Value Net  where companies cooperate in order to develop value for customers and simultaneously compete to appropriate value  Mller and Svahn  Normann and Ramirez  and marketing alliances where firms cooperate based on formalised and collaborative agreements  Das et al Gulati et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
As such the concept of network pictures is influenced by and related to the research themes of cognitive strategic groups  Osborne et al Competitive groups as cognitive communities The case of scottish knitwear manufacturers  et al  cognitive scripts and cognitive mapping Fiol and Huff Johnson et al  and managerial cognitionsensemaking in organisations  Colville and Pye Daft and Weick Weick Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
For example strategic research has looked at strategic groups either as defined by objective characteristics  McNamara et al Competitive Advantage  or delineated by a shared understanding of different companies  Osborne et al Reger and Palmer Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Thus while events relate to change the sensemaking of decisionmakers drives their behavior as well as the events and thereby leads to change Behaviour and Mind Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
 and Developing network pictures as a research tool Capturing the output of individuals sense making in organisational networks  suggest that network pictures although based on individual managers sensemaking can be integrated by researchers to form a broad pictureSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
They are therefore posited to guide networking activities but they are also used to ascribe meaning to events in the network such as activities instigated by other actors  Ford et al Strategic management in an enacted world and Stubbart Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
While this research tradition looks at structures of competition between related companies the channel management or supply chain literature treats each individual business relationship as a separate entity arguing that companies have to respond appropriately to changes in their business environment  Achrol et al Guiltinan Distribution channels as political economies A framework for comparative analysis  and Reve Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Recent research shows increasing interest in the concept of network pictures  Henneberg et al Leek and Mason The influence of position and gender on personal networks in a UK professional service Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
For instance resource dependencies high switching costs and riskreducing strategies favour stability  Interaction relationships and networks in business markets An evolving perspectiveSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
As such the concept of network pictures is influenced by and related to the research themes of cognitive strategic groups  Osborne et al Porac et al  cognitive scripts and cognitive mapping Fiol and Huff Johnson et al  and managerial cognitionsensemaking in organisations  Colville and Pye Daft and Sensemaking in Organizations Sensemaking in Organizations Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Interactions therefore cause a shared and intersubjective understanding of the environment Daft and Collective mind in organizations Heedful interrelating on flight decks Collective mind in organizations Heedful interrelating on flight decks and Roberts Conversely Ford et alSensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Dubois and Gadde  for instance discuss a number of limitations first case studies are seen to provide little basis for scientific generalization Weick Case Study Research Design and Method Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Introduction Managers often want to change distribution structures or their companys position in a network  Benefiting from network position Firm capabilities structural holes and performance and Bell Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
First it has developed an analytical framework illustrating how actors describe mainly been discussed as a theoretical construct and only a few studies exist using them as a research tool  Picture this Managed change and resistance in business network settings Industrial Marketing Management and Andersen Oberg et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Business Networks and ChangeRecent research has stressed the importance of network structures in understanding business exchanges Changes in the theory of interorganizational relations in marketing paradigm  Mller and Rajala Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
While considerable research exists to explain business network structures in these different research traditions the issue of change within networks is less well researchedAlthough there are several approaches to analysing relationships in terms of networks see Networks in Socioeconomic Systems A Critical Review for an overview this article adopts the industrial network approach underpinned by the interaction model to understand different actors behavior  Ford et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
An Analytical Framework of Network ChangeWhether or not change is perceived similarly by different actors in a specific network is of key interest as differences or similarities in any firms perspective can be used to understand strategic behaviour The role of competitive croups in strategy formulation A dynamic integration of two competing models  and Thomas Osborne et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Others use concepts such as expansion and contraction Mattsson  extension and consolidation Network structure from from an exchange perspective  and splitting and joining Hertz Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Business networks have also been characterised in strategic marketing as valuecreating systems Parolini  where companies cooperate in order to develop value for customers and simultaneously compete to appropriate value  Mller and Svahn  Normann and Ramirez  and marketing alliances where firms cooperate based on formalised and collaborative agreements  Impact of strategic alliances on firm valuation et al Gulati et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
As such network pictures are akin to metaphors they are rich sensemaking devices in their own right Metaphors of Memory Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Change may be seen as an evolutionary process where revolution is possible but unusual Industrial Networks A review  similar to a continuous process where stable periods are broken by radical changes Halinen et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Second case studies are often rich descriptions of events without clear analytical framing they at best only partially support quasideductive theories and they suggest some notion of statistical generalization where multiple case studies are used Case research as a methodology for industrial networks Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
cognitive strategic groups Industry and strategic group dymanics Competetive strategy in the insurance industry    and Thomas Osborne et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
knowing what knowledge or inferences may be relevant or irrelevant to a specific issue  Does trust matter Exploring the effects of interorganizational and interpersonal trust on performance et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Therefore the location of change needs to be analysed depending on whether it occurs at the actor dyad or network level  Halinen et al Relevance of Focal Nets in Understanding the Dynamics of Business Relationships et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Defined in this broad sense network pictures can for example be used to trace the development of a whole network longitudinally Making sense of network dynamics through network pictures A longitudinal case study Industrial Marketing Management and Redwood Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
However the level of change could also reside in the network itself affecting the whole business system  Stability and change in network relationships and Mattsson Havila and Salmi Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Business networks have also been characterised in strategic marketing as valuecreating systems Parolini  where companies cooperate in order to develop value for customers and simultaneously compete to appropriate value  Mller and Svahn  Normann and Ramirez  and marketing alliances where firms cooperate based on formalised and collaborative agreements  Das et al Strategic networks et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Recent research shows increasing interest in the concept of network pictures  Going beyond customers A business segmentation approach using network pictures to identify network segments  et al Leek and Mason Tonge Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Recent research proposes that network pictures exist on two levels narrow or broad Sense making and management in business networks some observations considerations and a research agenda et al Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
Others use concepts such as expansion and contraction Mattsson  extension and consolidation Cook  and splitting and joining The dynamics of international strategic alliances International Studies of Management and Organisation Sensemaking in business networks Introducing dottograms to analyse network changes
In the late s La Porta and his collaborators La Porta et al Porta et al  Porta et al  Porta et al  Djankov et al Shleifer  Beck et al aBeck et al  bThe regulation of labour et al  set in motion a series of systematic analysis of the relationships between legal and economic variablesDoes employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
In the context of India an influential study was conducted by Can labour regulation hinder economic performance Evidence from India Does employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
The explanation can be found in underconsumptionist or statgnationist literature see Dutt Maturity and Stagnation in American Capitalism  and reduces aggregate demand and production see also Deakin and Sarkar  for a similar conclusion in the Indian contextDoes employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
There are different studies to examine the economic consequences of labour regulation Labour Market Institutions and Policies Help or Hindrance to Economic Development  and  Does employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
It is argued that firms will respond to stringent labour regulation by substituting capital for labour even there will be a shift in production from the formal sector to unregulated areas of the economy andor flight of capital and relocation of production in a country with more marketfriendly labour regulation  The impact of changes in job security legislation in India and Zimbabwe and Lucas Heckman and Pags Botero et al Does employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
In the late s La Porta and his collaborators La Porta et al Porta et al  Porta et al  Porta et al  The new comparative economics et al Shleifer  Beck et al aBeck et al  bBotero et al  set in motion a series of systematic analysis of the relationships between legal and economic variablesDoes employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
In the late s La Porta and his collaborators La Porta et al Porta et al  Porta et al  Porta et al  Djankov et al Shleifer Law and finance why does legal origin matter  Law and finance why does legal origin matter  et al aLaw and finance why does legal origin matter  et al  bBotero et al  set in motion a series of systematic analysis of the relationships between legal and economic variablesDoes employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
These models however overemphasised the forces of realisation and overlooked the profit squeeze force also pinpointed by Karl Marx better income distribution and higher real wages reduce profitability and dampen investment and growth see Bhaduri and Margin and Distribution and Growth A Critical Note on Stagnationism  Does employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
Using the STATA ado developed by Estimation of non stationary heterogeneous panels and Frank  we have estimated all the three alternative models MG PMG and DFE Table Does employment protection lead to unemployment A panel data analysis of OECD countries
For instance there is evidence for significant effects of Prospects established by the NAS in  one of the few specialised employment services for individuals with autism in the United Kingdom on the likelihood of finding paid employment The outcome of a supported employment scheme for high functioning adults with autism or Asperger syndrome and Howlin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Moreover followup results are suggestive of longterm beneficial effects with significant job retention  years after the initiation of the supported employment programme  An  year follow up of a specialist supported employment service for high ability adults with autism or Asperger syndrome et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The economic analysis utilised resource use estimates and unit costs available for individual placement and support IPS for adults with mental health problems from a NHS and PSS perspective Unit Costs of Health Social Care  Canterbury Personal Social Services Research Unit The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
In order to estimate QALYs for adults with autism being in either the employed or the unemployed health state we utilised relevant data reported in Cost effectiveness of interventions to return employees to work following long term sickness absence due to musculoskeletal disorders et alThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The impact of supported employment on health and social care service usage by adults with autism is not known Impact of supported employment on service costs and income of people et alThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom the costeffectiveness of supported employment versus standard care local traditional vocational services for people with severe mental illness has been evaluated in a randomised controlled trial RCT Supported employment randomised controlled trial et al followup data in Heslin et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby An update on randomized controlled trials of evidence based supported employment et al An update on randomized controlled trials of evidence based supported employment et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Clinical effectiveness dataA limitation of the economic analysis was the narrow clinical evidence base the source trial of effectiveness data Mawhood and Howlin  had a small sample size N   moreover its quasiexperimental design may have introduced bias in the analysis due to confounding factors   Quasi experimental designs et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Moreover the majority of jobs held by adults with autism are unskilled and poorly paid Social outcomes in mid to later adulthood among individuals diagnosed with autism and average nonverbal IQ as children et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings The future of employment for people with learning disabilities a keynote review and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
There is also evidence from nonUK studies on adults with autism for a positive impact of supported employment programmes on employment levels and job retention Hillier et al TEACCH supported employment program et al  on autistic behaviours  GarciaVillamisar et al  quality of life  GarciaVillamisar et al  and executive function GarciaVillamisar and Hughes The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The costeffectiveness of supported employment in people with severe mental illness has also been evaluated in a multicentre RCT conducted across  European cities that compared IPS with standard vocational services  Supported employment cost effectiveness across six European sites et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The analysis considered two measures of outcome the total number of weeks in employment and the qualityadjusted life year QALY The use of QALYs in health care decision making and McKenzie The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington Costeffectiveness of supported employment  and   Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
However a simple cost exercise showed that if every additional week in employment resulting from supported employment is costed at a weekly wage of  estimated based on the reported mean annual salary of people who were previously supported by employment and support allowance ESA due to illness or disability  Destinations of Jobseeker s Allowance Income Support and Employment and Support Allowance Leavers et al  then supported employment generates an additional  in productivity gains over the roughly  years of the model duration which far outweighs the extra cost of  that is associated with provision of supported employmentThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Supported employment in New York State a comparison of benefits and costs et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Economic evaluation of employment services a review of applications et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
A survey by the National Autistic Society NAS in the United Kingdom reported that only  of adults of working age with autism are in fulltime paid employment Exist The Message from Adults with Autism in England The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Nevertheless there is evidence that supported employment also has a positive effect on employment rates in adults with autism with mild or moderate intellectual disability  Competitive employment for people with autism correlates of successful closures in competitive employment and supported employment and Young The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Supporting individuals with intellectual disability and challenging behaviour in integrated work settings an overview and a model for service provision and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The key elements associated with successful schemes include careful job placement prior job training advocacy followup monitoring and longterm support to ensure job retention  Keel et al Mawhood and Howlin Supported employment program evaluation evaluating degree of implementation and selected outcomes and Rusch Wehman and Kregel The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Study populationThe study population in the intervention group in Mawhood and Howlin  comprised individuals with a formal diagnosis of autism and an IQ   on either the verbal verbal IQ VIQ or the performance performance IQ PIQ scale of the The Measurement and Appraisal of Adult Intelligence Adult Intelligence Scale WAISThe Measurement and Appraisal of Adult Intelligence  all were actively seeking work and lived within the London areaThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Adults with autism are more likely to switch jobs frequently have difficulty adjusting to new job settings and earn lower wages compared with typically developing peers Howlin Employment and adults with Asperger syndrome and Chalmers JennesCoussens et al Mller et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Adults with autism are more likely to switch jobs frequently have difficulty adjusting to new job settings and earn lower wages compared with typically developing peers Outcome in adult life for more able individuals with autism or Asperger syndrome Hurlbutt and Chalmers JennesCoussens et al Mller et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
There is also evidence from nonUK studies on adults with autism for a positive impact of supported employment programmes on employment levels and job retention Hillier et al Keel et al  on autistic behaviours  Supported employment improves cognitive performance in adults with Autism et al  quality of life  GarciaVillamisar et al  and executive function GarciaVillamisar and Hughes The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
 who transformed item ShortForm Health Survey SF data derived from members of the general population participating in the British Household Panel Survey Office for National Statistics  into ShortForm Health Survey sixdimensional health state classification SFD utility scores using the algorithm developed by The estimation of a preference based measure of health from the SF  et alThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Data analysis To take into account the uncertainty characterising the model input parameters a probabilistic analysis was undertaken in which input parameters were assigned probabilistic distributions rather than being expressed as point estimates  Decision Modelling for Health Economic Evaluation et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Introduction Autism spectrum conditions henceforth autism affect at least  of the adult population in England  Estimating the Prevalence of Autism Spectrum Conditions in Adults Extending the  Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey London NHS The Health and Social Care Information Centre et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
A systematic review of studies conducted in the United States on people with various disabilities including mental illnesses sensory impairments and physical or intellectual disabilities concluded that supported employment is more costeffective than sheltered workshops in the long term and returns a net benefit to the taxpayers The economics of supported employment what new data tell us The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Vocational rehabilitation for people with severe mental illness et al Graetz Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
There is also evidence from nonUK studies on adults with autism for a positive impact of supported employment programmes on employment levels and job retention Two year evaluation of a vocational support program for adults on the autism spectrum et al Keel et al  on autistic behaviours  GarciaVillamisar et al  quality of life  GarciaVillamisar et al  and executive function GarciaVillamisar and Hughes The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
If one intervention is shown to be both less costly and more effective than its comparator then this intervention is dominant and is clearly the costeffective option in such cases no ICER needs to be estimatedResults of probabilistic analysis are also presented in the form of costeffectiveness acceptability curves CEACs which demonstrate the probability of supported employment being costeffective relative to standard care at different levels of willingness to pay per extra unit of benefit that is at different costeffectiveness thresholds Representing uncertainty the role of cost effectiveness acceptability curves et al The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Autism grows up opportunities for adults with autism Griffin et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz Griffin et al Supported employment for persons with mental illness systematic review of the effectiveness of individual placement and support in the UK and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Advantages include greater financial gains for the employees wider social integration increased worker satisfaction higher selfesteem more independent living reduced family burden including a lower need for providing informal care and service costsavings Beyer and Kilsby Bond et al Bond et al  Crowther et al Graetz A comparison of self esteem and job satisfaction of adults with mild mental retardation in sheltered workshops and supported employ et al Heffernan and Pilkington McCaughrin et al Noble et al Rhodes et al Stevens and Martin The costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
The key elements associated with successful schemes include careful job placement prior job training advocacy followup monitoring and longterm support to ensure job retention  Keel et al Mawhood and Howlin Trach and Rusch A supported work approach to competitive employment for individuals with moderate and severe handicaps and Kregel However provision of supported employment schemes has considerable resource implications especially in the current economic situationThe costeffectiveness of supported employment for adults with autism in the United Kingdom
Outside the United States and Canada however social exclusion and nonparticipation in ISE has received less research attentionStudies on school trips to museums and science centers have argued that such trips benefit children from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds Museums schools and geographies of cultural value Phillips amp Woodham  and can affect some children over a year after their visit Bamberger amp Tal Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
For example a school system where the knowledge that counts is that of the dominant groups can be understood to disadvantage students from nondominant groups by rendering their knowledges and practices as other such that those students eventually decide not to pursue higher education taking themselves out of the system Reproduction in education society and culture R amp Passeron Ogbu Yosso Young Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
The barriers approach has been criticized as assimilationist for requiring participants to change to fit institutions privileging dominant knowledge and practices and pathologizing others  Bell et al Lee Levitas Whose culture has capital A critical race theory discussion of community cultural wealth Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Here Thomas draws on his sense of the differences between high and low cultural practices tastes and class in terms of the forms of knowledge and behaviors that he believes would be more or less valued within an ISE institution Culture class distinction et al Bourdieu Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Comparatively less attention has been paid to equity and widening participation in science learning in everyday life outside the walls of schools universities and the labor marketTo date social exclusion from ISE has been primarily framed in terms of barriers which prevent certain people or groups from visiting ISE institutions  Learning science in informal environments People places and pursuits et al Ipsos MORI Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Interviews followed a conversational approach London Routledge amp Atkinson Kvale  but discussion guides were used to follow up on specific issues such as activities participants had mentioned questions about particular exhibits as well as broader questions about experiences or expectations of ISENot designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Language practices can be understood as forms of capital that delineate the information culture and people who are more valued in a particular field Language and symbolic power Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Research in the United States and Canada suggests that social positions such as gender ethnicity class or age may play a more important role in ISE experiences than the barriers model suggests Science communication with the public A cross cultural event Bell et al Fenichel amp Schweingruber Rahm Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
In this paper I have tried to balance describing analyzing and representing people and their specific experiences against the problems inherent in such work not least contributing to constructions of others Inclusion and democracy Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
For example a school system where the knowledge that counts is that of the dominant groups can be understood to disadvantage students from nondominant groups by rendering their knowledges and practices as other such that those students eventually decide not to pursue higher education taking themselves out of the system Bourdieu amp Passeron Understanding cultural diversity and learning Yosso Young Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Comparatively less attention has been paid to equity and widening participation in science learning in everyday life outside the walls of schools universities and the labor marketTo date social exclusion from ISE has been primarily framed in terms of barriers which prevent certain people or groups from visiting ISE institutions  Bell et al Public attitudes to science  London Department for Business Innovation and Skills MORI Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
Research in the United States and Canada suggests that social positions such as gender ethnicity class or age may play a more important role in ISE experiences than the barriers model suggests Aikenhead Bell et al Fenichel amp Schweingruber Science in the making at the margin A multisited ethnography of learning and becoming in an afterschool program Not designed for us  How science museums and science centers socially exclude low income minority ethnic groups
The EttaSWE approach was further improved and verified for a MUSCL secondorder scheme in the work of Adaptive quadtree simulation of shallow flows with wet dry fronts over complex topography and Borthwick Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
However the Upwind approach is renowned for its complexity in implementation and its limitation to a FV approximation  The surface gradient method for the treatment of source terms in the shallow water equations et alTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
The HydrRec approach has been successfully appliedas a topography discretization technique to various highorder Godunovtype models such as WENOFV and DG methods A new approach of high order well balanced finite volume WENO schemes and discontinuous Galerkin methods for a class of hyperbolic systems with source terms andShu  Noelle et alTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
To achieve a secondorder accurate formulation in a Godunovtype framework the MUSCL interpolation approach is often employed Towards the Ultimate Conservative Difference Scheme V A Second Order Sequel to Godunov s Method which rests on extrinsic reconstruction of piecewiselinear solutions from the initial local piecewiseconstant dataTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Introduction Godunovtype shallow water models are featured with the inherent ability to accommodate complex flow transitions within the numerical solution  Shock capturing methods for free surface shallow flows  Guinot Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Another popular approach for constructing wellbalanced shallow water numerical model is the one established by A fast and stable well balanced scheme with hydrostatic reconstruction for shallow water flows et alTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Such a numerical model has been referred to be wellbalanced or to satisfy the Cproperty Bermdez and VzquezCendn  A well balanced scheme for numerical processing of source terms in hyperbolic equations and LeRoux  LeVeque Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
More recently with the establishment of the discontinuous Galerkin DG a local secondorder or higherorder accurate Godunovtype formulation may be intrinsically derived from the conservation laws of the SWE providing a more sophisticated formulation than the traditional FV framework  A conservative high order discontinuous Galerkin method for the shallow water equations with arbitrary topography and Liang Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
In this context applicable Godunovtype water wave models are at most secondorder accurate and require a topography discretization technique and a wetting and drying condition see Delis and Kampanis  for a comprehensive reviewIn its simplistic view a Godunovtype scheme provides a firstorder accurate model that is conceptually based A Difference scheme for numerical solution of discontinuous solution of hydrodynamic equations Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
However the DG method further requires restricting the slope limiting process to the socalled troubledslope components which have been identified according to the discontinuity detector of Shock detection and limiting with discontinuous Galerkin methods for hyperbolic conservation laws et alTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Such a numerical model has been referred to be wellbalanced or to satisfy the Cproperty Bermdez and VzquezCendn  Greenberg and LeRoux  Balancing source terms and flux gradients in high resolution Godunov methods Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
In recent years they have received applied improvements and have been incorporated into water industry standard software  Testing a new two dimensional flood modelling system analytical tests and application to a flood event et alTopography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Introduction Godunovtype shallow water models are featured with the inherent ability to accommodate complex flow transitions within the numerical solution  Toro  Godunov type schemes An introduction for engineers  Toro and GarcaNavarro Topography discretization techniques for Godunovtype shallow water numerical models a comparative study
Third from the viewpoint of transaction cost theory the choice of governance form is principally a question of dealing ex ante with ownership rights pertaining to firms and their assets The Economic Institutions of Capitalism Firms Markets  Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Within the empirical setting of this study these costs occur inexorably out of intraorganizational coordination but the same categories are also valid for interorganizational coordination An Empirical Investigation of Ex Post Transaction Costs in Franchized Distribution Channels and Nygaard Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Some subsidiaries possess considerable bargaining power either because they have control over key assets such as information or specific knowledge or because they are in charge of executing major strategic andor rent generating activities for the MNC  Is Knowledge Power Knowledge Flows Subsidiary Power and Rent Seeking within MNCs and Navarra Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Validation of dependent measurements The following procedures were used to evaluate the scales of the dependent variables i unrotated principal component analysis PCA with subsequent ii promax oblique rotated PCA were conducted   An oblique rotation was used at this stage because it allows correlated factors instead of an assumption of independence among the factors as is maintained in an orthogonal rotation Multivariate Data Analysis Fifth ed et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
To compensate for the differences both formal and informal initiatives will often be introduced by the companies  Differentiated Fit and Shared Values Alternatives for Managing Headquarters Subsidiary Relations and Ghoshal Rabbiosi Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Average variances extracted AVE range between  and  which is acceptable although bonding costs and monitoring costs is under the recommended level of   Bagozzi and Yi Evaluating Structural Equation Models with Unobservable Variables and Measurement Error and Larcker Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Underlying this logic are important suppositions about human behaviour such as opportunism Williamson  and bounded rationality Simon  and key dimensions of transactions of which asset specificity and uncertainty are the most important Transaction Cost Analysis Past Present and Future Applications and Heide Williamson Williamson  Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Examples include i product or service investments that are tailor made to meet requirements of the foreign country ii specialized educational programs for different types of workers iii valuable technology can be transferred and specialized facilities could be needed to market a product Aulakh and Kotabe A Transaction Cost Analysis Model of Channel Integration in International Markets et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
We argue that the same set of human and environmental factors remain relevant for ex ante as well as ex post organizational governance Markets and Hierarchies Analysis and Antitrust Implications A Study in the Economics of Internal Organization Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
All forms of organizations are subject to risks of opportunism Williamson  but opportunism will not disappear with common ownership Agency Theory An Assessment and Review Schotter and Beamish Taplin Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Bargaining costs come about due to renegotiations and changes in existing agreements between MNC headquarters and its various subsidiaries  Balancing Subsidiary Influence in the Federative MNC A Business Network View et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In such cases it could be better to invest in bonding and make sure that the subsidiary shares the same company culture and adheres to MNC rules of conduct The Hypermodern MNC A Heterarchy Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Examples include i product or service investments that are tailor made to meet requirements of the foreign country ii specialized educational programs for different types of workers iii valuable technology can be transferred and specialized facilities could be needed to market a product Antecedents and Performance Implications of Channel Integration in Foreign Markets and Kotabe Klein et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Reliability was assessed by three measures Cronbachs  Nunnally and Bernstein  individual item reliability and average variance extracted  On the Evaluation of Structural Equation Models and Yi Gerbing and Anderson Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
However as pointed out by property rights theorists see for example Thinking about the Firm A Review of Daniel Spulber s The Theory of the Firm Thinking about the Firm A Review of Daniel Spulber s The Theory of the Firm    ex post property rights of many important even crucial assets often reside with employees and outside parties for example unique knowledge and relationships which in reality leaves the ex ante choice of governance form egGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Subsidiaries may possess more knowledge than headquarters about certain technologies and local conditions causing major control challenges for MNC headquarters Multinational Corporations Control Systems and Delegation Issues and Jaeger Bergen et al Hennart Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
All forms of organizations are subject to risks of opportunism Williamson  but opportunism will not disappear with common ownership Eisenhardt Schotter and Beamish Strategic Change and Organisational Restructuring How Managers Negotiate Change Initiatives Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Development of measures Unidimensional multiitem measures were developed according to guidelines given by An Updated Paradigm for Scale Development Incorporating Unidimensionality and Its Assessment and Anderson  and Churchill  ppGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
companies that have made FDIs are a particular but increasingly common case of the general boundaries of the firmproblem Transaction Cost Theory and the Multinational Enterprise  companies extend or retrench their boundaries beyond the boundaries of their home countries in their efforts to reach an optimal degree of integr ationGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
All forms of organizations are subject to risks of opportunism Williamson  but opportunism will not disappear with common ownership Eisenhardt Performance Effects of MNC Headquarters Subsidiary Conflict and the Role of Boundary Spanners The Case of Headquarter Initiative Rejection and Beamish Taplin Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Underlying this logic are important suppositions about human behaviour such as opportunism Williamson  and bounded rationality Administrative Behavior A Study of Decision Making Processes in Administrative Organizations  and key dimensions of transactions of which asset specificity and uncertainty are the most important Rindfleisch and Heide Williamson Williamson  Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In the case of FDI internal governance the use of hierarchy supersedes external governance the use of markets and contracts due to market inefficiencies and failures The Governance of the Multinational Enterprise Insights from Internalization Theory and Casson Hennart Rugman Williamson Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Hence governance costs are costs related to the governance of a relationship be it within or across organizational boundaries and according to TCE and internalization theory the most efficient governance structure will be the one that minimizes governance costs in the long run Hennart Transaction Cost Economics The Governance of Contractual Relations Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Still the original conceptual definition of the construct was not significantly changed by this deletion although the definition may be somewhat limited in covering the whole range of monitoring costsThe final measurement model shows excellent fit on all fit statistics     p gt  RMSEA  AGFI   CFI   Bollen Jreskog and Srbom A Fit Index for Covariance Structure Models Under Arbitrary GLS Estimation and Huba Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
When asset specific investments are high there is a need for exploiting the companys productservice technology in the local market ensuring the accomplishment of the MNCs mission in the FDI and integrating the companys business practices Knowledge Market Failure and the Multinational Enterprise A Reply and Zander Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
All items were measured on point Likerttype scales A Technique for the Measurement of Attitudes Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
This actuates some degree of bargaining  Does Knowledge Sharing Pay An MNC Subsidiary Perspective on Knowledge Outflows et al Monitoring costs arise when control precautions are established to drive down shirking and when resources are used to assure that agreements are fulfilled Dahlstrom and Nygaard Hennart Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Common method variance Since most of the variables in the study come from a questionnaire variables in the study may be affected by shared and spurious covariance  Buckley et al  which can be problematic since measurement artifacts and the phenomenon under investigation can be difficult to separate Common Method Variance in IS Research A Comparison of Alternative Approaches and a Reanalysis of Past Research et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The conventional way of dealing with uncertainty and safeguarding problems within TCE logic is to bring both sides of a transaction into common governance typically a firm which hence explains the vertical and horizontal boundaries of firms The Organization of Production Evidence from the Aerospace Industry Williamson Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The four items representing the construct are taken from Controlling Supplier Opportunism in Industrial Relationships and Heide Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Trust begets trust but for the process to activate it needs to be initiated  Das and Teng  MNC headquarters start trust processes with subsidiaries by behaving in a manner that subsidiaries see as competent fair and transparent An Integrative Model of Organizational Trust et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The items are inspired by Operating Flexibility Global Manufacturing and the Option Value of a Multinational Network and Kulatilakas a b and Rangans  real options perspectiveGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Trust needs to be built over time and grows when one party starts to behave in a way the other party finds trustworthy  The Reciprocal Nature of Trust A Longitudinal Study of Iinteracting Teams et al Trust begets trust but for the process to activate it needs to be initiated  Das and Teng Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In the case of FDI internal governance the use of hierarchy supersedes external governance the use of markets and contracts due to market inefficiencies and failures Buckley and Casson Hennart Rugman The Modern Corporation Origins Evolution Attributes Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In the case of FDI internal governance the use of hierarchy supersedes external governance the use of markets and contracts due to market inefficiencies and failures Buckley and Casson Hennart New Theories of the Multinational Enterprise An Assessment of Internalization Theory Williamson Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
To compensate for the differences both formal and informal initiatives will often be introduced by the companies  Nohria and Ghoshal Subsidiary Roles and Reverse Knowledge Transfer An Investigation of the Effects of Coordination Mechanisms Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In addition we performed a Harmans single factor test by including all items in an exploratory unrotated factor analysis  Self Reports in Organizational Research Problems and Prospects et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The decisions MNC managers make about where and when to establish subsidiaries in foreign countries have been studied in great detail from economic as well as behavioral perspectives Managerial Decision Making in International Business A Forty Five Year Retrospective et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In situations with high cultural differences recruiting local managers imply that companies incur high selection training and control costs and sending a trustworthy expatriate manager to the subsidiary could reduce such costs  Benito et al Boyacigiller and Adler Nohria and Ghoshal Our company has made many acquisitions before we established this subsidiary The following control variables were measured as Company size et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Subsidiaries may possess more knowledge than headquarters about certain technologies and local conditions causing major control challenges for MNC headquarters Baliga and Jaeger Agency Relationships in Marketing A Review of the Implications and Applications of Agency and Related Theories et al Hennart Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Measurement of governance costsMultiitem reflective scales were used to measure governance costs Conventional Wisdom on Measurement A Structural Equation Perspective and Lennox Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In situations with high cultural differences recruiting local managers imply that companies incur high selection training and control costs and sending a trustworthy expatriate manager to the subsidiary could reduce such costs  Benito et al The Parochial Dinosaur Organizational Science in a Global Context and Adler Nohria and Ghoshal Yan et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Common method varianceSince most of the variables in the study come from a questionnaire variables in the study may be affected by shared and spurious covariance  Measurement Errors in the Behavioral Sciences The Case of Personality Attitude Research et al  which can be problematic since measurement artifacts and the phenomenon under investigation can be difficult to separate Malhotra et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In addition an orthogonal  First we checked whether the confidence interval  varimax rotated factor analysis was carried out to verify the results from the CFA When Does Vertical Coordination Improve Industrial Purchasing Relationships and John  two standard errors around the correlation coefficients between two latent constructs include Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The study relied on a single key informant approach and the key informants were those persons in the MNC who had appropriate knowledge about the research issue and were willing and able to talk about it by answering the questionnaire The Informant in Quantitative Research Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Trust needs to be built over time and grows when one party starts to behave in a way the other party finds trustworthy  Serva et al Trust begets trust but for the process to activate it needs to be initiated  Between Trust and Control Developing Confidence in Partner Cooperation in Alliances and Teng Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In situations with high cultural differences recruiting local managers imply that companies incur high selection training and control costs and sending a trustworthy expatriate manager to the subsidiary could reduce such costs  A Transaction Cost Analysis of Staffing Decisions in International Operations et al Boyacigiller and Adler Nohria and Ghoshal Yan et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Such decisions are usually longterm inter alia due to various costs of switching between foreign operation modes  Foreign Operation Methods and Switching Costs Conceptual Issues and Possible Effects et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Consequently by implementing more formalized procedures such as rules and routines clearer role responsibilities and a better identification of complementary tasks and responsibilities between the MNC and the subsidiary opportunities for opportunism are reduced Dahlstrom and Nygaard Managing the R D Marketing Interface et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Furthermore MNC headquarters may try to increase trust between headquarters and subsidiaries Developing Effective Global Relationships through Staffing with Inpatriate Managers The Role of Interpersonal Trust et al Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
Following Estimating Nonresponse Bias in Mail Surveys and Overtons  procedures nonresponse bias was checkedGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In the case of FDI internal governance the use of hierarchy supersedes external governance the use of markets and contracts due to market inefficiencies and failures Buckley and Casson A Theory of Multinational Enterprise Rugman Williamson Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
For example the subsidiary could be a center of excellence within the MNC organization and have more expertise than even headquarters The Emergence and Impact of MNC Centers of Excellence A Subsidiary Perspective and Pedersen Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
In addition to control issues others point to the importance of building trust Control trust interplays and the influence paradox A comparative study of MNC subsidiary relationships et al  and strong corporate cultures by sharing common values Hedlund  which in itself is important but which might also have the effect of reducing governance costs arising from more direct and formal control precautionsGovernance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
IntroductionWhy companies expand across borders by means of foreign direct investment FDI has been one of the central questions in international business research and the subject of numerous studies since Stephen The International Operations of National Firms A Study of Direct Foreign Investments seminal study of the economic rationale for FDI more than  years ago The International Operations of National Firms A Study of Direct Foreign Investment Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
The final measurement model shows excellent fit on all fit statistics     p gt  RMSEA  AGFI   CFI   Structural Equations with Latent Variables Jreskog and Srbom Tanaka and Huba Governance costs in foreign direct investments A MNC headquarters challenge
These vessel disorders frequently occur in the brains of elderly individuals and become more prevalent and severe with advancing age Prevalence of dementia disorders in the oldest old an autopsy study and Attems aPathology and pathogenesis of vascular cognitive impairment a critical update
By the same token the emotional elements that transpired through the individual statements and in the meetings were gradually filtered out when the narrative elements were substituted by a more causal type of account in the final report see also Constructing and re constructing narratives of patient safety Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
While RCA is formally endorsed by policy makers in USA UK Australia and Denmark vretveit  and is in the process of being adopted by other countries we have only a partial understanding of the challenges of using this approach despite research suggesting it is not without problems Wallace Braithwaite et al A root cause analysis of clinical error confronting the disjunction between formal rules and situated clinical activity et alPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
While RCA is formally endorsed by policy makers in USA UK Australia and Denmark vretveit  and is in the process of being adopted by other countries we have only a partial understanding of the challenges of using this approach despite research suggesting it is not without problems Wallace Experiences of health professionals who conducted root cause analyses after undergoing a safety improvement programme Qual Saf Health Care Care et al Iedema et alPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
As indicated by its name RCA directs analytical attention to the root or latent factors that condition enable or exacerbate clinical risk with the aim of producing recommendations on how these underlying causes should be managed or eradicated Lessons learned from non medical industries root cause analysis as culture change at a chemical plant et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
While RCA is formally endorsed by policy makers in USA UK Australia and Denmark vretveit  and is in the process of being adopted by other countries we have only a partial understanding of the challenges of using this approach despite research suggesting it is not without problems From root cause analysis to safer systems international comparisons of nationally sponsored healthcare staff training programmes Braithwaite et al Iedema et alPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
The need for a wellcrafted presentable and correctly formulated document that could be used for judging the quality of the investigation process NPSA  dominated the RCA process see also Managing the scope and impact of root cause analysis recommendations et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
A common way to investigate clinical incidents is through Root Cause Analysis RCA a methodology combining elements from engineering psychology and the human factors tradition Human error Vincent et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
Originally developed to analyse major industrial incidents Carroll Andersen and Fagerhaug  since the mids it has been taken up in healthcare systems such as the US The Veterans Affairs root cause analysis system in action Wu et al  Australia and the UK vretveit NPSA Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
ROOT CAUSE ANALYSIS IN HEALTHCARERCA is the umbrella term describing methodologies and tools for the retrospective and structured investigation of adverse incidents near misses and sentinel events Making Health Care Safer A Critical Analysis of Patient Safety Practices and Shojania Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
A common way to investigate clinical incidents is through Root Cause Analysis RCA a methodology combining elements from engineering psychology and the human factors tradition Reason A framework for the analysis of risk and safety in medicine et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
We are also aware that RCA has been interpreted as an emerging form of selfsurveillance  Adaptive regulation or governmentality patient safety and the changing regulation of medicine  and potentially extending the principle of concertive control among healthcare practitioners Iedema bPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
Although variations exist Bagian The investigation and analysis of critical incidents and adverse events in healthcare et al  there remains an enduring commitment to this stepped orderly and disciplined approachPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
For example Organizational learning affirming an oxymoron and Westley  warn that closure and consensus are often enemies of the capacity of organisations to learn from incidents that require them to confront the possibility that the story being told is simultaneously a tale of disorder in which the reality of danger masquerades as safety and a tale of order in which the reality masquerades as danger pPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
As noted by NHS Inquiries A Time Series Analysis Public Money Management and Beck  the increasing number of NHS investigations can be explained in the context of a return to big government pPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
These include providing a cathartic outlet for the wider public after a tragedy or scandal Inquiries Learning from Failures in the NHS London The Nuffield Trust  and constituting ceremonial occasions that play an important role in the cultural adjustment stage of critical events Brown   especially in mitigating anxiety and maintaining institutional legitimacyPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
It was developed from the Total Quality Management movement where it was conceived primarily as an organizational learning device Eisenberg Patient Safety Awards System innovation Veterans Health Administration National Center for Patient Safety et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
As such tackling the shortcomings of RCA with more training Wallace  or by arguing for increased independence and professionalization of RCA investigators Learning Lessons Using Inquiries for Change and Lingham  may in fact exacerbate instead of resolve these challengesPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
We found that this process was appreciated by participants as an opportunity to better understand how different clinical practices interface in itself a powerful tool for preventing future mishaps see also Patient safety investigations the need for interprofessional learning et al Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
This approach to organisational learning is based on the assumption that through determining the underlying causes of adverse events and drawing the necessary lessons it is possible to prevent their reoccurrence An organisation with a memory Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
These were normally associated with diary conflicts Reasons for not reporting adverse incidents an empirical study Stanhope amp Crowley Murphy  but underlying this was a general sense that staff especially clinicians did not want to participate in the processPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
Overall we conducted  days of observations across the two sites carried out  ethnographic interviews The Ethnographic Interview  and  semistructured interviewsPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
Originally developed to analyse major industrial incidents Organizational learning activities in high hazard industries the logics underlying self analysis Andersen and Fagerhaug  since the mids it has been taken up in healthcare systems such as the US Bagian Wu et al  Australia and the UK vretveit NPSA Policy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
In particular the way RCA has been translated into practice ignores the idea that learning often stems from the inquiry process itself not the report that the inquiry process should not be divorced from the practice of clinical work that emotions are part and parcel of the organisational learning process Power and emotion in organizational learning  and that focusing on feasible solutions a closure orientation and emphasising consensus reduces the capacity to learn through creativity and divergent thinking cfPolicy and practice in the use of root cause analysis to investigate clinical adverse events Mind the gap
In a review Does the chimpanzee have a theory of mind  years later and Tomasello  conclude that the years of subsequent research have shown chimpanzees to have some understanding of the goals intentions perceptions and knowledge of others but no understanding of the beliefs and desires of othersWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
What has been termed episodic foresight Episodic memory versus episodic foresight similarities and differences  along with autobiographic memory and theory of mind also makes up much of our mind wandering Spreng and Grady  as we preview some future activity or consider possible future options in order to select appropriate actionWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Brain imaging shows considerable overlap in brain activation between the two with slightly more frontallobe activity in imagining the future eg Remembering the past and imagining the future common and distinct neural substrates during event construction and elaboration et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Even chimpanzees according to Human and animal cognition continuity and discontinuity  lack voluntary control of their voice pWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Grdenfors and Osvath  suggest that the critical period was the Oldowan dating from some  to about  million years ago Flaked stones and old bones biological and cultural evolution at the dawn of technology  and defined by the emergence of stone toolsWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
According to Natural language and natural selection  evolution proceeds in small increments rather than in a single unimaginable leapWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Rico has since been trumped by another border collie called Chaser who understands over  proper names as verbal referents  Border collie comprehends object names as verbal referents and Reid Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
This can not only disambiguate upcoming utterances but also facilitate rapid comprehension and help the listener deal with noisy input Do people muse language production to make predictions during comprehension  and Garrod Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Sharpwave ripples preplayed these routes prior to the animal actually setting out Hippocampal place cell sequences depict future paths to remembered goals and Foster Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
According to Abstract concepts data from a gray parrot  moreover he learned them more in a humanlike than an apelike fashionWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The gorilla Koko is said to use over  signs and to understand and express signed requests and he too can respond meaningfully to simple requests spoken in English  Twenty seven years of project Koko and Michael and Gordon Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Based on this and other findings the authors concluded that selforganized activity in the hippocampus having evolved for the computation of distances can also support the episodic recall of events and the planning of action sequences and goals  Internally generated cell assembly sequences in the rat hippocampus et al Internally generated cell assembly sequences in the rat hippocampus et al  pWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Chimpanzees have been shown to select tools for future use Chimpanzee Pan troglodytes and orangutan Pongo abelii forethought self control and preexperience in the face of future tool use  or to collect and conceal stones to be later thrown at visitors to the zooWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Summarizing this evidence The impossible coincidence A single species model for the origins of modern human behavior in Europe  writesTo describe the Upper Paleolithic revolution in Europe as reflecting preeminently an explosion in explicitly symbolic behavior and expression is in no sense an exaggeration as most prehistorians would now agreeWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Moreover gestures are in strict synchrony with speaking implying a common underlying source So you think gestures are nonverbal  The switch from manual gesture to speech may well have been the change that led to the dominance of Homo sapiens perhaps even leading to the demise of the other largebrained hominins including the Neanderthals and the recently identified DenisovansWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Speech gestures although largely contained within the mouth retain a visible component as illustrated by the McGurk effect A syllable such as da is dubbed onto a mouth saying another syllable such as ba and people tend to hear what they see rather than what was actually voiced Hearing lips and seeing voices Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Loss of hippocampal function in humans results in severe amnesia including an apparent inability to imagine possible future events as well as failure to recall past ones  Hassabis et al abBilateral hippocampal lesion and a selective impairment of the ability for mental time travel et al Race et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
There is some differentiation along the long axis of the hippocampus with the posterior hippocampus more involved in storage and the retrieval of past episodes and the anterior hippocampus more activated by the imagining of future ones Szpunar et al A role for the hippocampus in encoding simulations of future events et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The taxi drivers also have larger hippocampi than do London bus drivers who drive on designated routes that impose relatively small demands on memory  London taxis drivers and bus drivers a structural MRI and neuropsychological analysis et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Some  years ago Does the chimpanzee have a theory of mind  and Woodruff  raised the question Does the chimpanzee have a theory of mind They were themselves equivocal as to the answer and their question has led to a long and at times bitter controversyWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Brainimaging studies show that mindwandering activates a widespread network in the brain first identified and described by A default mode of brain function et alWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Similarly birds that cache items of food in multiple locations and later retrieve them have larger hippocampi than birds that do not cache The role of the avian hippocampus in spatial memory Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The gestural theory was boosted with the discovery in monkeys of mirror neurons so called because they respond both when the monkey makes a grasping movement and when it observed the same movement performed by another individual  Functional organization of inferior area  in the macaque monkey II Area F and the control of distal movements et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
As evidence for cognitive enhancement brain size approximately tripled during the Pleistocene  The human genus Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Place cells in the rat hippocampus which encode specific locations in a structured environment such as a maze also fire when the animal is outside that environment sometimes when the animal is asleep Reactivation of hippocampal ensemble memories during sleep and McNaughton  and sometimes when it is awake but immobile Karlsson and Frank Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Other studies show the parts of the brain involved in producing speech are activated when people simply watch silent videos of people speaking Calvert and Campbell Seeing and hearing speech excites the motor system involved in speech production et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
A default mode network homologous to that in humans has been identified in the monkey  Intrinsic functional architecture in the anaesthetized monkey brain et al  and does suggest a basis for mind wandering if not for mental time travel itselfWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
According to Episodic and semantic memory  episodic memory is unique to humansMemory both episodic and semantic Klein  provides the ingredients for imagining possible future eventsWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The Pleistocene the epoch that began with the Oldowan is widely recognized as the period in which hominins came to occupy what has been termed the cognitive niche The reconstruction of hominid behavioral evolution through strategic modeling  depending on social bonding and enhanced communication for survival in the more exposed and dangerous environment of the African savannaWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The Origins of Human Communication  notes for example that infants point to interesting objects in their environments not to request them but to share the experience with those around themWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Explicit schemes for the phonological composition of mouth movements have been proposed for a number of European Sign languages including Swedish English and Italian The Hands are the Head of the Mouth the Mouth as Articulator in Sign Language and BoyesBraem Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
In these and other studies there are methodological issues and questions as to whether the results can be interpreted in terms of associative learning rather than the imagining of past or future events see The evolution of foresight what is mental time travel and is it unique to humans  and Corballis  for a critiqueOne problem in documenting mental time travel in nonhuman species is their lack of languageWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Speech itself can be regarded as a gestural system comprising movements of the lips the larynx the velum and the blade body and root of the tongue How did language go discrete  Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Declarative memory in turn can be divided into episodic memory which is personal memory for past episodes and semantic memory which is basic knowledge about the world Memory systems of the brain a brief history and current perspective Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
What has been termed episodic foresight Suddendorf  along with autobiographic memory and theory of mind also makes up much of our mind wandering Patterns of brain activity supporting autobiographical memory prospection and theory of mind and their relationship to the default mode network and Grady  as we preview some future activity or consider possible future options in order to select appropriate actionWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
As an example of the ambiguity of language A pragmatic perspective on the evolution of language and Origgi  give the sentence It was too slow This could mean anything from a chemical reaction being too slow to the decrease in unemployment in France being too slow to a car being too slow for an anticipated journeyor a sluggish movement in a symphonic productionWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Manual language is effortful requiring considerable expenditure of energy while the physiological costs of speech are so low as to be nearly unmeasurable  Effects of varied vocal intensity on ventilation and energy expenditure in women and men et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Mirror neurons are now considered part of a more extensive mirror system involving regions in the ventral prefrontal cortex parietal cortex and superior temporal sulcus  The functional role of the parietofrontal mirror circuit interpretations and misinterpretations and Sinigaglia  and in fact overlapping extensively with the default networkWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
First the hippocampus contains socalled place cells that encode where an animal is located in space and so constitute what O Keefe and Nadel  called a cognitive map This role appears to apply to humans as well as to other mammalian species Knowing where and getting there a human navigation network et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The revolution that wasn t a new interpretation of the origin of modern human behavior  write of the revolution that wasnt suggesting a more gradual rise in technological sophistication from the Middle Stone Age around  years ago and Shea  similarly argues that human technology over the past  years is characterized by a variability that persists today rather than by the abrupt appearance of modern behavior Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Some have argued against the gestural theory on the grounds that it must have required an unlikely transition from a visuomanual format to an auditoryvocal one eg Burling MacNeilage Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Forward and reverse place cell sequences during ripples and Buzski  recorded hippocampal firing while rats ran back and forth along a straight trackWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
It might also be interpreted as representing the experiencing of trajectories either previously experienced or planned Mental time travel a case for evolutionary continuity in other words mental time travelWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Indeed language itself may have evolved precisely to allow communication about the nonpresent The evolution of language Grdenfors and Osvath  so we can share our mental travels to other places and other timesWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The idea that mirror neurons may underlie the evolution of language has been elaborated by a number of authors eg From Hand to Mouth the Origins of Language Arbib Rizzolatti and Sinigaglia Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
For instance scrub jays can recover cached food on the basis not only of where it was cached but also of when it was cached which might be taken to imply episodic memory of the caching episode itself eg Can animals recall the past and plan the future  et al Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Some have argued against the gestural theory on the grounds that it must have required an unlikely transition from a visuomanual format to an auditoryvocal one eg The Talking Ape MacNeilage Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Rather paradoxically this network is revealed by reverse subtraction that is the activation during involvement in some designated task is subtracted from that under passive conditions in which subjects were given no explicit instructions and were free to let their minds wander Unrest at rest default activity and spontaneous network correlations and Vincent Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The incorporation of theory of mind adds a further dimension to mind wandering as The brain s default network anatomy function and relevance to disease et alWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The Origin of Stories evolution Cognition and Fiction  points out that religious ideas derive their power less from doctrine than from stories and stories told orally were passed down the generations with remarkable fidelity before the invention of writingWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
In a recent analysis of the neural mechanisms of speech articulation Functional organization of human sensorimotor cortex for speech articulation et alWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The transition was probably not a dramatic one since movements of the hand and mouth are coordinated in activities such as eating and hand movements and mouth movements mutually interact  Speech and gesture share the same communication system and Gentilucci Gentilucci and Corballis Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The gestural theory was also boosted by the realization that the signed languages of the deaf are true languages with full syntactic and semantic properties albeit based entirely on visible movements of the hands and face Gesture and the Nature of Language et alWandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
The idea that mirror neurons may underlie the evolution of language has been elaborated by a number of authors eg Corballis From monkeylike action recognition to human language an evolutionary framework for neurolinguistics Rizzolatti and Sinigaglia Wandering tales evolutionary origins of mental time travel and language
Two major landowners the monastery of Klosterneuburg and the Burghers Hospital contested the ownership of land that was fluid  Floods fights and a fluid river the Viennese Danube in the sixteenth century et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
The major channel shifts at the Viennese Danube therefore have to be interpreted against the background of the Grindelwald Fluctuation the first extreme phase of the Little Ice Age from the s to the s  Pfister  Pfister   Behringer Changes in water and land the reconstructed Viennese riverscape from  to the present et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
The GISbased river and floodplain reconstruction method developed by Spatio temporal habitat dynamics in a changing Danube River landscape   was first applied to identify historical alterations of the Danube riverscape in the Austrian Machland region  km upstream from Vienna Spatio temporal habitat dynamics in a changing Danube River landscape   Spatio temporal habitat dynamics in a changing Danube River landscape   et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Together with augmented sediment loads it additionally fosters the transformation from meandering to braiding Anabranching rivers their cause character and classification and Knighton Marti and Bezzola Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Except for Wien und die fr he Donaukartographie  who came to the same conclusionTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
In order to conclude whether identified fluvial dynamics reflect the rivers typical behaviour rather than an exceptional hydromorphological state climatic changes and related flood regimes also have to be considered Modelling channel evolution and floodplain morphology McCarneyCastle et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
It can be considered as the first map of the Viennese riverscape which is depicted in a geographically largely correct manner Atlas of the Danube River Vienna A history of river training on maps and plans of four centuries O sterr Kunst Kulturverl Vienna Nanson GC Croke JC  A genetic classification of floodplains and Michlmayr Opll Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Borders of land properties hunting grounds or administrative borders also proved to be very useful in particular the socalled Burgfriedsgrenze the jurisdiction border of the Viennese magistrate established in the Late Middle Ages that stretched far north into the floodplain Alte Grenzen im Wiener Raum Two steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
Due to the high bed shear stress new channels incised into the floodplain terrain first order avulsion or led to the reoccupation of abandoned arms or crevasse channels second order avulsion Avulsive channel systems characteristics and examples et alTwo steps back one step forward reconstructing the dynamic Danube riverscape under human influence in Vienna
the slag produced is divided into three types coarse boulders fine mill scale and duste most problematic are the coarse boulders which accumulate by timeese boulders can be crushed into smaller sizes and then can be effectively used in concrete mixes Use of relatively high Fe  O  steel slag as coarse aggregate in concreteTowards Sustainable SelfCompacting Concrete Effect of Recycled Slag Coarse Aggregate on the Fresh Properties of SCC